CREDIT When I started with Credit CREDIT Secrets, my credit scores were SECRETS in the low 500’s. Now they are over 750! I believe in this book so much that I ended up How One Couple Beat the Odds and applying to work for the SECRETS Took Control of Their Credit & Finances... And How You Can Too! company, and now I’m the hheeaadd of their customer service department. How One Couple Beat the Odds and Took Control of Their Credit & Finances... And How You Can Too! After saving their family from a financial disaster, Scott & Scott & Alison Hilton Alison Hilton felt called to share with the world how they SCOTT & ALISON HILTON did it. In this new tell-all book, MET ON MATCH.COM AND you'll discover how one couple NOW HAVE A HOUSE FULL OF used faith, and a few simple 4 CHILDREN AND 2 DOGS. AS ssttrraatteeggiieess,, to escape the hole CONSUMER ADVOCATES they dug themselves into... THEIR MISSION IS TO HELP finally taking control of their ONE MILLION PEOPLE credit & finances... and their IIMMPROVE THEIR FINANCIAL lives! LIVES ONE PERSON AT A TIME. ON A TYPICAL DAY YOU’LL FIND THEM WORKING TIRELESSLY AT THEIR COMPUTERS HELPING PEOPLE LIKE YOU TO LIVE TTHHEE AMERICAN DREAM! Scott & Alison Hilton creditsecrets.com CREDIT SECRETS Scott & Alison HiltonRefer a Friend and Get $30! Earn some extra money referring friends and family to the Credit Secrets Program. When you sign up for our referral program, you’ll receive your special personalized link. Send people to the Credit Secrets website by sharing this link. Every time someone purchases the Credit Secrets book, you’ll earn a referral fee of $30! Go To: http://CreditSecrets.com/getpaid to get started now! *Disclaimer: We are not lawyers. The contents of this book should NOT be considered legal advice in any way. We are only sharing what has worked for us and thousands of other readers. You are solely responsible for any actions taken (or not taken) based on the material provided. If you agree, please continue. If you disagree, please return this book immediately. Info Up, LLC expressly disclaims all warranties as to the contents of this publication including, without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, infringement, and makes no warranty as to the results that may be achieved by using the information contained in this publication. Because this information can be used in a variety of ways to fit various purposes, Info Up, LLC will not be responsible for any damages (including, without limitation, indirect, consequential, special, or punitive damages) suffered or incurred by any person arising out of such person’s use of or reliance on this publication or the information contained herein. Reproduction or translation of any part of this work without permission of the copyright owner is unlawful. Requests for permission or further information should be addressed to Info Up, LLC. March, 2018 • Edition 3.2 Copyright © 2017 - Info Up, LLC | All Rights Reserved. Page 2Introduction Did you know that there are millions 1. Inaccurate - maybe an item of errors on consumer credit reports? isn’t yours, your high balance or account number are incorrect, a There are accounts being reported closed account is listed as open incorrectly by date, spelling, name, (or vice versa), the date of last status, age, and many other activity is incorrect, and so on. ways. Even valid accounts can be There are MANY other factors invalidated by a simple reporting as well. error because credit bureaus, creditors, and collection agencies 2. Incomplete - a field is blank, a are held to strict federal and state number or word is truncated, a laws regarding the way they report number or letter is missing, false your credit. Simply challenging an numbers or letters are added, item that you do not recall can also or something is reported in the do the trick, when worded properly. wrong field. Our members have removed 3. Unverifiable - you may want THOUSANDS of inquiries, late proof that a debt collector has pays, charge-offs, collections, the right to collect from you, and repossessions, judgments, tax liens you come to find out that they and bankruptcies. And it happens don’t have your original hand- because debt collectors, creditors, signed contract on file anymore and credit bureaus are notoriously - paperwork gets lost. No proof bad at keeping records, and at of contract means no authority following the letter of the law. Even if one alphanumeric character Did you know? is missing, you may have The FTC conducted a study between 2002 grounds for removal. and 2014 that determined about 40 million It is all about gaining people across the United States had at least leverage when a one error on one of their major credit reports. collector, a creditor, These errors affected their scores and cost or a credit bureau is the consumers thousands of dollars in higher doing something wrong, interest rates on loans and other fees based and then using that as on credit history. leverage for removal. The credit bureaus must obey many laws, including the Fair to report or collect from you. Or Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). And how about a late pay - does the according to the FCRA, an item on creditor have proof in the form of your report MUST be removed if it is your canceled check? Doubtful. any of the following: Page 3Introduction We will show you how to look closely have employed all sorts of interesting at your credit reports to reveal “automated” tactics in an attempt issues that may be hidden in plain to deal with these deadlines. And sight. There are dozens and dozens yet, many times the computerized of issues to look for and several methods fail to do their job properly. loopholes that can work in your favor. As you will see when you begin the It has been said that credit bureaus process, an alarming number of lean towards retaining incorrect data, these companies have likely already rather than the other way around, broken the law in numerous ways as because they profit from the more it relates to your own credit files. data that they have. After all, they You probably have items just sitting are essentially data brokers. So there, waiting to be removed. The more data is worth more money, creditors, collection agencies and even if some of it is being incorrectly credit bureaus just need a gentle reported. It has also been said that nudge in the right direction. And finding incorrect data on your report thankfully, with the information could be enough to scare you into in this book, you will become an buying their identity theft monitoring informed consumer with the law on products, which account for over your side. You may find that many of 10% of their revenue. your negatives can be removed in a The most important thing to know relatively short period of time. when you are working on fixing Using strategic correspondences your credit, is that you are dealing and timelines will allow you to flip the script, and control your Top 5 Creditor Violations own destiny. No longer will you be subject to harassing phone 1. Call you before 8am or after 9pm calls, threatening letters, or 2. Contact a third party such as worse. Ultimately, the goal is an employer or friend for any for you to become a confident reason other than getting contact individual who can walk into information. a bank, a car dealership, or 3. Lie about the amount you owe a mortgage broker’s office 4. Threaten to garnish or sell your KNOWING you have a 700+ property credit score with impeccable 5. Give false credit information to a credit history. credit reporting company. With your credit score with large unorganized companies. determining what you are Companies that are held accountable allowed to buy, and at what interest to timelines and requirements that rate, it is time to take full control. This more often than not, they simply is serious business that should not cannot meet. As you will learn, they be taken lightly. Page 4Introduction Many readers have made mistakes in the past, and that is perfectly okay because you are NOT your past. You are whatever you decide to be from this point forward. If you will accept that mentality and follow the steps it takes to achieve it, you may find yourself joining the “700 Club” much sooner than you ever imagined possible. And you will also arm yourself with the of unsolicited testimonials and we knowledge on how to avoid making love it! costly credit mistakes in the future. We hope to see you in the group Please be sure to join our Facebook soon, reporting back on your own group using the link inside your achievements! member’s area. Our Facebook Remember, no one is too far gone group is full of thousands of people to benefit from this book. We’ve had who have already improved their members with credit scores under credit scores, as well as others who 400, so no matter your situation, are on the same journey as you. The we are here to help. Whether it’s a group is private to outsiders, and the bankruptcy, charge-off, collection positive energy inside is contagious. account, public record, tax lien, On any given day you will see folks medical bill, student loan, etc - it showing pictures of themselves doesn’t matter... ALL of these and holding the keys to their dream car more can be removed if there is any or house. We’ve received thousands funny business going on. And chances are, even if you think there isn’t - there likely is. You just need to look deeper. So with that said, let’s get on with showing you how it’s done! Page 5Important Notes Important Notes Please follow this method from start to finish, step by step. And do not skip ahead, or you risk missing a key element that could be the decisive factor in your success or failure. Make sure you are well organized We recommend actual file folders, and keeping reminders on your cell phone or a calendar for very important cutoff dates. Keeping track of who got what, who replied or didn’t, and when, is essential. Your goal is to become “not worth it” for banks, credit bureaus and collectors, by showing PLEASE NOTE: Our method them that you know the law AND that is extremely effective and could you are more organized than they potentially be used for “bad” by an are. unethical person. So before going any further, please promise that You will point out exactly how they you will approach our system with broke the law. And they can either INTEGRITY, and further agree that remove the derogatory credit they are after your credit is fixed/improved, reporting, or pay damages - or both. you will NOT go back into any old Fortunately, with this guide you will bad habits. If you intend to purposely quickly make it known to the banks, defraud a bank or financial institution credit bureaus, and collections by making false claims or applying agencies that they will find it much for a credit card or loan that you easier to simply remove the negative know you cannot pay back, simply item and leave you alone. because you know you can re-use You may want to enlist another our method to potentially erase the member, or a friend or family member item off of your credit report again, to help you stay accountable. It is then we have a problem with that. easy to get distracted with life, and We do not want the method abused miss important action items in your or used in any potentially fraudulent credit repair process. way. Please only proceed if you agree. Page 6Important Notes Your Credit Secrets Member Dashboard The dashboard is located at creditsecret.org/login. Page 7Important Notes support for your journey. We also post tips and tricks that come along as time goes on. You can request access to the Smart Money Club by visiting https:// www.facebook. com/groups/ creditsecret and submitting a join request. Many members who do not use Facebook for personal reasons, opt to create an account We highly recommend that you they only use for the group. consider taking advantage of the Smart Money Club VIP members If your name is different on Facebook area, as well as the private Facebook than the name you used when you Group. purchased our program, please contact support by emailing us at Thousands of members have taken support@creditsecret.org and let the road you are about to embark on, us know so we can accept you. and they can offer insight and advice. Our Facebook Group is a place of As soon as you’re approved, make no judgment, positive energy, and a post introducing yourself in the Be sure to follow the steps ... Page 8Important Notes Facebook group along with the tag: #Jumpstart Pro Tip: Facebook Search We want to get to know Do a search inside our you so we can help Facebook group for “SMCWIN” and you on this journey! you will find the very best posts of Approvals are usually people sharing exactly what they did to find very quick. While you’re success with our program. waiting, send out the address correction letter you just created! And PLEASE... once you have Please also be sure to read our FAQ achieved success... send us an at the end of this guide. If you have update at the HELP DESK or post a question that isn’t answered there, it in the Facebook Group with the you can submit a support ticket to: hashtag #SMCWIN (Smart Money support@creditsecret.org Club Win). This helps to motivate others and allows you to pay it forward! #SMCWIN !! Page 9Table of Contents Introduction ...................................3 Part 1, Letter #2B .........................56 Important Notes ............................6 Part 1, Letter #3 ............................58 Meet the Team .............................12 Part 1, Letter #4 ............................60 Pro Tip: The Automator .................62 Chapter 1: Getting Started Part 2 Letters ................................68 Get Your Credit Reports ...............20 Part 2, Letter #1 ............................69 Analyze Your Credit Reports ........21 Part 2, Letter #2A..........................71 Credit Score Differences ..............27 Part 2, Letter #2B .........................73 Facts About FICO Scores .............28 Part 2, Letter #3 ............................75 The Credit Bureaus ......................32 #Jumpstart Your Success .............34 Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics Remove Old Addresses ................34 Public Records, Filing Complaints, How to Remove Inquiries from Your and Additional Types of Letters Credit Report ................................36 Tax Liens ......................................76 Inquiry Removal Letter 1 ..............37 State Tax Liens .............................78 Inquiry Removal Letter 2 ..............38 The Loophole to Remove Inquiry Removal Letter 3 ..............40 Liens, Judgments .........................79 The Laws on Your Side When The Security “Freeze” Trick ..........82 Dealing With Creditors, Collection Agencies and Credit Bureaus .......42 CoreLogic and LexisNexis ............85 Fair Debt Collection Practices Act 42 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) .............................87 Fair Credit Reporting Act ..............42 Filing a CFPB Complaint ..............88 Fair Credit Billing Act ....................43 State Attorney General .................89 Metro 2 Compliance .....................43 The Better Business Bureau.........90 Dealing With Creditors..................44 Other Types of Letters ................101 Chapter 2: Getting 5 Day Reinsertion Letter .............102 Inaccurate / Incomplete / Goodwill Letter............................104 Unfair / Unverifiable Items Removed Incomplete/Missing Info Letter....105 Returned Mail Letter ...................106 Part 1 Letters ...............................48 Alternative/Bizarre Letter ............107 Part 1, Letter #1 ............................52 Part 1, Letter #2A..........................54 Page 10Chapter 4: Lawsuits Chapter 7: Advanced Credit Techniques Small Claims Court .....................108 Good Credit Lines Quickly ..........139 Examples of What You Could Potentially File Suit For and Against The Shopping Cart Trick .............141 Whom .........................................109 Utilizing Credit Unions ................145 Tips During Court .......................112 Business Credit ..........................149 What to do if YOU Are Sued .......113 Bad Credit Resources ................150 Liability Case Examples .............114 What To Do After Your Damages Case Examples ..........115 Credit is Fixed.............................155 Finding a Registered Agent ........117 Chapter 8: Frequently Asked Questions Chapter 5: ChexSystems Removals Getting Started ...........................156 Are you in ChexSystems ............120 Credit Reports ............................160 ChexSystems Errors...................120 Sending Letters ..........................162 Get Your ChexSystems Report...120 Miscellaneous .............................166 Small Claims ...............................167 Chapter 6: Student Loans, Bankruptcy and Foreclosure.......168 Repossessions, and HIPAA Tax Liens and other Dealing with Student Loans ........124 Public Records ...........................168 Vehicle Repossession ................127 Credit Cards ...............................169 Repo Letter 1 ..............................131 Repo Letter 2 ..............................133 Chapter 9: Statute of Limitations Chart .........170 HIPAA & Medical Collections ......134 Letter To Original Health Care Chapter 10: Glossary ...172 Provider ......................................135 HIPAA Collection Agency Validation, Dispute, Cease & Desist Letter ..137 Page 11Scott & Alison Hilton (the Authors) Scott has been an online marketer for 15+ years. Alison previously worked as a fashion designer and is currently a stay-at-home mom. Together, they have 4 children and are avid dog lovers, donating their time and money to local shelters. Both Alison and Scott have faced many trials and tribulations with theories on Alison’s credit report. personal credit. Scott first learned With patience and perseverance, what would become the basis of she ended up using the materials this book several years ago after he in this book to raise her credit score took 13 of his creditors, collection from 588 to 781 in only 90 days. agencies, and the credit bureaus to (without going to court or talking to a small claims court. He was ultimately single person) victorious 12 of the cases. Scott, Alison and Jay then went on After comparing notes with longtime to test the material with other family friend, Jay Hannon, they tested members and friends. Once the resulting they saw the amazing results, they knew they had been called to share this valuable, life-changing information with as many people as possible! Page 12Meet the Team (who each started out as customers first!) I purchased Credit Secrets in 2014 because I had a terrible score in the low 500s, which made it impossible to get a credit card, business loan, car, apartment, or anything. I finally made the decision to step up and take control of my credit situation. After diligently following this program for six months, I was able to increase my credit score to a 781! Since then, I’ve been able to purchase two luxury cars, personal loans, obtain seven credit cards with travel and Stefan cash reward benefits with limits as high as Washington, D.C. $50,000! When the opportunity presented itself, I decided to join the Credit Secrets support team, so I can give back and help others go through the same process that worked so well for me! Here at Credit Secrets, we are not just support reps, we are part of a mission that is much bigger than all of us. I’m here to help touch as many lives as I possibly can with this life changing information. This book has changed the lives of thousands of people and there’s no reason why you can’t be the next success story. If you need any assistance, send us an email or send me a quick chat message inside of the members dashboard. Page 13Meet the Team Growing up, my parents would warn me about being careless with my financial responsibilities. Needless to say, I didn’t heed their warnings and I had to learn the hard way. After a number of collections, numerous accounts with late payments and a judgment, I was stuck with a score in the low 500s with zero chance of being able to get approved for anything. I was beyond frustrated and knew I needed to do something. As a single mom, I realized the importance of improving my credit, not only for me but for my child and our future Britt as well. I purchased the Credit Secrets book and through this program was able to remove Atlanta, GA all my derogatory accounts including student loans and a judgment. I am now proud to say that I am a few points away from the 700 club (happy dance!) and have been approved for numerous credit cards! My current goal is to purchase a home and I am positive that it will be a smooth and easy process with my new credit profile, thanks to Credit Secrets. After knowing what the program has done for me and seeing the thousands of members that this program was helping, I knew I had to be part of the Credit Secrets Support Team. It’s so fulfilling to be a part of this life-changing process: helping people that truly need it, as I did years ago. For anyone needing our assistance, we can be found in the member’s area or at the support desk. Come say hi! Page 14I came across Credit Secrets at a time when I was feeling hopeless. I had resigned myself to a life of poor/no credit, dodging collection calls, mounting late fees and exorbitant interest rates. I came across this program and thought to myself, “What do I have to lose?” The fact that there was also a community of people just like me sharing their experiences, questions, tips and successes was the clincher for me. I immediately read the book from cover to cover TWICE and set about my plan with Leani determination to change my situation and help my family and I have a better financial life. Florida In less than a year, I went from being someone who could not get credit for anything, to having a mailbox full of credit offers daily. My scores went from bad to good to excellent. I thought this would be a daunting task, but on the contrary, it was fun like a game of elimination. It is true that cash is king, but having good credit is better! Originally a City girl (born and raised in New York) now residing in the Sunshine State. Now that I am more financially stable, I can enjoy my four children: My Small (Isabella 3), Medium (Jaden 12), Large (Caleb 18), and XL (Steven 24). They are the lights of my life and I love spending time with them, watching them grow, and traveling around the world. I decided to join the Credit Secrets support team to help others achieve their own goals, to give back by encouraging and supporting members who are taking their first steps in changing the rest of their lives. To celebrate with those who reach and exceed their own personal goals of buying new cars and homes, having the credit they always dreamed of, and to lovingly push those who feel overwhelmed or defeated, as I once did. Page 15Meet the Team I originally purchased the Credit Secrets program in August 2015, after years of paying with cash for everything in an attempt to try to get my credit back on track. It took a few months before I took the time to really get started, but once I joined the Smart Money Club Facebook group and started applying what I learned from reading the book cover to cover, my scores increased the very first month. They went from 545 to 650 in a short while and I’ve now been able to get several major credit Steve cards with a combined total of about $4,000 Lancaster, PA in credit. After a few months of helping others out with their questions in the Facebook group I jumped at the chance to be a part of the Credit Secrets Support Team. I truly enjoy helping support such a great family of members! It’s wonderful to get to pay it forward and help others who are just starting on their credit repair journey. I love reading the many success stories from people who were able to turn their lives around thanks to the Credit Secrets system! Page 16I have had a roller coaster ride with my credit history over the past few dozen years. Periods of financial strain, coupled with not wanting to pay attention to it took toll on my scores. Ending up in the high 500’s at one point even led me to being naive enough to pay a credit repair firm a monthly fee to fix it. It never worked, but they sure did get a lot of my hard earned money. I learned about the Credit Secrets program Erika back in 2014, and signed up, knowing that a good credit score was the key to a lot of Blairsville, GA financial issues. Being self-employed since 1998, I had a really hard time building a good credit history because I would never take out any loans. My husband and I have some life goals, and one of them was to be sure to break back into the coveted 800s. We both had items on our credit reports that weren’t ours, old collections that had been paid but never removed, late payments on student loans. Even bad addresses and employers neither of us had ever worked for. We needed a new truck and the rising costs of vehicles today we needed to qualify for a loan. After digging in and getting to work, over the past year we’re both cruising in the high 700’s. My husband is actually almost in the 800’s, and our interest rates are very low. I believe in the system so completely that I jumped at the chance to become a part of the support team. I enjoy helping people figure out the process and guiding them along the way to a glowing credit report that can help them change their lives. Feel free to reach out to our whole team via email to support@creditsecret.org. Page 17Meet the Team Jay worked at a huge, well known, collection agency for many years in Buffalo, NY, which is the epicenter of the vast and intimidating collection industry. He witnessed firsthand how many good folks were being treated unfairly and even illegally. When he finally decided he couldn’t take it anymore, he connected with Scott & Alison in order to help educate consumers on their rights. Helping others with their credit issues was a way of cleansing himself Jay from his dark, depressing past. Somewhere, US Ultimately, Jay’s goal is to get this book in the hands of 1 million families throughout the United States, so they can be informed and empowered to make positive changes in their lives. With so many people being torn apart by money problems, he believes this book can help to keep families and marriages together. After all, life is stressful enough as it is! Page 18#SMCWIN !! Page 19Chapter 1: Getting Started Get Your Credit Reports Step 1. Where to Get Your 3 That is why some of our members use multiple services to find out Credit Reports & Scores their starting scores. Then you can With so many companies promising continue to check back and see how that they are the best resource for your scores improve over time. obtaining your credit reports and Here are the top 5 sources used by scores, it can be confusing. our members: Some offer scores, but no reports. http://creditsecret.org/scores Others offer reports, but no scores. Some use different scoring models Gives you all 3 of your credit scores - Vantage, FICO, proprietary, etc. and reports from TransUnion, And on top of that there are different Equifax and Experian every month - versions of each, such as Vantage 3, free to try. (our top choice) or FICO 8. Credit Karma - Provides 2 scores But wait - there’s more! To make and reports at no cost in exchange matters worse, car dealerships may for viewing advertisements. use FICO 7 mixed in with their own Credit Check Total - Provides all 3 algorithm, and calculate what they credit reports & scores, and is owned call “car credit”. by Experian. Other lenders may only use My FICO - Provides all 3 credit reports TransUnion, while another may only & scores, but is very expensive. use Equifax. Annual Credit Report - Gives you You could actually pull your credit all 3 credit reports for free, once per score from 5 different places and get year, but no scores are given. 5 different results! Page 20Chapter 1: Getting Started Analyze Your Credit Reports Now that you are armed with a copy All they care about is money. BE of your credit reports, the three items CAREFUL if they want to negotiate, we are concerned with most are: or if they promise you anything like removing an item in exchange for 1. “Public Records” you making a payment or partial 2. “Derogatory Accounts” payment. 3. “Unsatisfactory Accounts” Many times they will take your money All of these are bad, and in that order. and never remove an item from your credit report. They have purchased 1) Public records are the worst your debt from the original creditor – these include bankruptcies, tax for pennies on the dollar, so they will liens, judgments, and other items of try to recoup those funds, and then “public record” that anyone can see. they’ll disappear. Typically when you have a public Please Note: We will tell you exactly record, you will get inundated with how to deal with them later in this letters from lawyers who promise book. to help you. The letters are usually from lawyers who purchased your 3) Unsatisfactory accounts are information from the credit bureaus, in accounts that have “late pays.” A order to try to sell you their expensive late pay is where you are (or were) services. Some will try to scare you. 30-180 days late on a payment, The more creative firms will send you but have not yet been referred to a letters that look hand written. They collection agency. aren’t. Be very careful with these Now first things first, do not get upset folks. If you would like help from or emotional over what might seem an attorney we recommend Legal like a mountain of horrible information. Shield - http://www.creditsecret. It is well-known that credit reports org/legalshield contain errors 2) Derogatory over 50% of the accounts are usually time. You may accounts that have see items that are been referred to a absolutely false. collection agency. You may even see These are the really some ridiculous annoying people who collection account call you, and typically you’ve never break the law in the heard of, from process. By law they many years ago. are not allowed to call You will soon be you if you tell them not to. able to exploit their wrongdoings to your advantage. Page 21Chapter 1: Getting Started A Quick Look at a Sample Credit Report Page 22Chapter 1: Getting Started Sometimes an account is only listed with one credit bureau. In the case below, a collection agency has listed the debt. This is a medical collection showing on a single credit bureau report. Page 23Chapter 1: Getting Started Page 24Chapter 1: Getting Started Not every credit bureau will list an account the same. The example below shows how a payment history can be listed. Page 25Chapter 1: Getting Started #SMCWIN !! Page 26Chapter 1: Getting Started Credit Score Differences When you start pulling your credit credit report (free & paid). One reports, you may find that your thing to keep in mind is that all credit scores vary among different of these sites are using different credit monitoring sites. So why scoring systems and algorithms. the difference in scoring among Your credit scores (no matter what monitoring sites and bureaus? monitoring system you access) are calculated by the categories of Credit Bureau Score payment history, utilization, length of Differences credit history, new credit and credit Let’s first address differences mix or versatility. Different scoring amongst the bureau scores. The algorithms place more or less weight reason for the differing scores is due on each of these categories causing to what is actually being reported on the scores to differ. your credit report. The credit data that FICO® Scoring comprises the reports for Experian, Equifax and TransUnion are likely The most important scores that different. One bureau could be you want to have access to are reporting more negative information your FICO® scores. FICO® scores than the other two; for example are the most widely used credit a judgment, a collection account, scores, created by the Fair Isaac late payments, etc that is not being Corporation. These scores are reported to the other bureaus. Every used by top lenders to help make bureau does not always report the credit related decisions that affect exact same information. Additionally, all of your major purchases from a lower score could be the result of mortgage loans, to credit cards and erroneous or incorrect information everything in between. It is important on your report due to human error, to understand that not every credit computer error, or even possibly score offered for sale online is a identity theft in extreme cases. This FICO® Score. In fact, many of the is why it is critical to keep up with scores you receive online do not use your report on a monthly basis. the true FICO® scoring model. Although they may not be true Credit Monitoring Site Score FICO®, they are great for monitoring Differences your credit report itself, and to get a Understanding the difference in general idea of your scores. scores on different credit monitoring sites is very important. There are many sites online that offer credit monitoring services and/or provide your Page 27Chapter 1: Getting Started Facts About FICO Scores FICO scores range of credit history is from 300 to 850, and weighed into the they indicate whether calculation by 15% or not you have a of the calculated good credit history. score. New credit and a credit mix both On average, any weigh in at 10% of the FICO score over 700 overall FICO score. indicates that you have a good credit 1. Accounts Owed history. This refers to how What Factors much money you currently owe. If you Into FICO have a lot of debt, it Scores? doesn’t necessarily The majority of the mean that you will score is calculated have a lower FICO based on your score. It does take payment history and it counts for into account the ratio of money owed 35% of the rating score. How much in comparison to the amount of credit you are currently in debt accounts available. For example, if you take for 30% of that score. The length out a $10,000 Line of Credit, and you’ve extended that credit to its fullest, you will have a lower Pro Tip: What is 30% FICO score than a Utilization? person who took out Typically, credit utilization is $100,000 but has calculated based on your total only utilized a small outstanding balances compared to portion of it. your total credit limit across all of your cards, 2. Payment History and lines of credit. However, some scoring models penalize you for exceeding 30% This is determinant utilization on any single card or line of credit. on whether or not you pay your credit For example: If you have a credit card with account bills on time. a $1000 limit, you would try to keep the balance Each line of credit has on it between $100-$300. scheduled payments The best rule of thumb is to keep your and credit reports balance below 30% on all of your cards at all show whether or not times to kill two birds with one stone. payments have been late being received. Page 28Chapter 1: Getting Started The days that appear on credit reports indicate whether you were 30, 60, 90, or 120 or more days late on payment toward those accounts. 3. Credit History Length Typically, the longer a person has had credit, the better their scores. However, it is possible that someone with a shorter credit history has a better score if they have paid on time and have not maxed out all of their credit line accounts. FICO scores depend on how long your oldest account has been open as well as the age of the most recent credit line account and then considers the 4. New Credit average overall. This is why closing Recently opened accounts are old unused accounts can actually considered new credit. When you hurt your score. open several new credit accounts over a short length of time, this shows up as a potential credit risk. As a result, there is a lower FICO score. However, after some time has passed with good payment history, the score will rise. 5. Credit Mix A portion of the FICO score takes into account the various types of credit accounts you have. Individuals with a good mix of credit cards, vehicle loans, mortgages, charge cards at retailers, or other financial loans will see a benefit in their FICO score. Page 29Chapter 1: Getting Started Why Do Some FICO Scores Go Up or Down? Sometimes a FICO score fluctuates a bit, and that is perfectly okay. If you monitor it daily, you could make yourself go a little crazy! A credit score is not a fixed rate of measurement. It all depends on how you use your credit and when and how it is regularly updated. Your scores will also fluctuate between different Credit Score monitoring services. This is usually due to when they receive your data from the furnisher. For example, if a credit bureau pulls your account information on the 29th of the month, and your balance is high, and then you pay off the balance the next day on the 30th, your score will be lower than if you had paid the card off on the 28th. In that case you would have to wait up to one month to see the score benefit. Going on a shopping spree one month and using up a lot of credit could cause a FICO score to drop. However, if spending behaviors change and less is used Page 30Chapter 1: Getting Started on the credit account, a credit score to avoid carrying more than a 30 could jump. It is recommended by percent balance of a credit limit. financial experts that you should try The various models of FICO can get somewhat complicated Experian, TransUnion, and Equifax already have different scores, and each version of FICO has other models. As of this writing, there are approximately 19 different scoring versions. In 1989, FICO first introduced a scaling model that ranged a score from 300 to 850. Since then, there have been significant revisions made to the FICO scoring model which occurred in 1995, 1998, 2004, 2008 and 2014. Each year that it changed meant that a different formula was used, which also changed a FICO score. Lenders no longer use the 1995 revision, but some other lenders may still use the older versions. The editions are named for the year they came out, and it is FICO 98, FICO 04, FICO 08 (now known as FICO 8 without the zero), and then FICO Score 9 is the model that was released in 2014. Each has customizable versions to determine potential credit risks. If a person is looking for an auto loan, a different model may be used in the calculation of the FICO score than if insurance information was being used. These are called industry option versions, and range from 250 to 900, and are not entirely comparable to the more widely used FICO calculations. Every credit agency uses their customized version of each FICO variation model. This is why a consumer’s score may vary even when all user data is the same. The various models can become a bit confusing and unexplainable without going into significant full detail. But what a consumer needs to know is that there are different versions, and they will show different FICO scores. All you really need to know is that no matter what scoring model is used by a particular lender, this book is intended to help you get your score as high as possible. Page 31Chapter 1: Getting Started The Credit Bureaus Page 32Chapter 1: Getting Started We have deliberately omitted the phone numbers and websites of each credit bureau above, Do not contact the Credit because we do not recommend Bureaus until you have read through this guide calling or challenging/disputing completely. Later on in this online in the beginning. We have book we will share their seen the most success stories phone and fax numbers for the come from members who contact purposes of dealing with false the bureaus by certified mail. names, addresses, workplaces and inquiries. Besides, if you call it is typically very difficult to speak to someone in the USA. Certified mail gives you documented proof of exactly when they received your letter, and then the legal clock Experian starts ticking on them. P.O. Box 4000 It is VERY important that you keep Allen, TX 75013 very close track of the dates as you begin this process. Once you download your latest 3 credit reports and scores, you need to print them out. This will give you Equifax Credit Information Services, Inc. hard copies that are dated. The date P.O. Box 740256 will be a major factor you may be able Atlanta, GA 30374 to use against the credit bureaus to get leverage and removals. Just keep that in mind. The ONLY reason you will NOT TransUnion, LLC succeed, is due to inaction. If you P.O. Box 2000 follow the guide exactly, you will do Chester, PA 19016 great. If not, you won’t. Just do the work! It’s that simple. Did you know? Postal mail is GREAT! If you file a paper tax return by mail, you are much less likely to be audited than those who e-file? – I know it’s off topic, but that is something to think about – okay back to repairing your credit! Page 33Chapter 1: Getting Started #Jumpstart Your Success How to Update Personal account removed. Information on Your Credit Also, it is important to note that the entire disputing/challenging process Report is computerized. There are no human Removing old addresses and eyes that read your letters. In fact, incorrect personal information such your dispute/challenge letters are as variations of your name, social scanned by a computer, and a highly security number, birthdate, telephone advanced algorithm attempts to are numbers and employers could boost break it down into a two digit code your score up dozens of points and through a system called e-Oscar. So increase the chance to remove any if the computer notices a mismatch negative accounts associated with in the address ID, then you are those old addresses. also more likely to get the account This is a simple trick that will improve removed. The same goes for your the odds of your letters working name. You may notice that your better. report has several versions of your name, last name first, middle initial, Follow along and customize yours so middle name, no middle name, etc. If you can send it out right away, and be you remove all of the variations, you on your way to your first #SMCWIN! are more likely to get the derogatory Look at the following image. You’ll information off your report. see a red circle that says “Address To update/remove change an Identification Number”. This is one address and other personal of the ways the credit bureaus verify information, you can either mail a your account. simple certified letter, or send a fax Now look further down on the second to one of the fax numbers below. Be image on the next page. sure to include a recent utility bill showing your address, as well as a copy of your driver’s license and your Social Security Card. Equifax: 404-885-8078 888-826-0549 TransUnion: Complete the dispute request form and fax your request to As you can clearly see, the bank Attention: CCD (Consumer has the SAME address Identification Contact Department) at 610-546- number. If there is a mismatch, you 4771 are more likely to get the derogatory Page 34Chapter 1: Getting Started #Jumpstart Your Success to update your addresses. You may need to speak to more than one agent to get what you want, but if you are persistent, you should have no problem making this important update to your Experian: consumer record. Experian no longer accepts Here is a simple example letter you faxes. You will have to mail in can send: documentation for personal information changes, or use their Change of Address Letter online dispute form Date located at: Credit Bureau Name https://usa.experian. Credit Bureau Address com/#/registration To Whom It May Concern: A simple & free online I am writing to update/correct my personal faxing website you can information on file with your company. use is Please update my address to: [Insert Address] HelloFax.com Please update my name to: [Full Name] If you get a busy signal, My only social security number is: [123-45-6789] try again at another time My only and correct date of birth is: [01-01-19XX] - perhaps later in the My only employer is: [ABC Supply Company] evening. I do not wish to have any telephone numbers on my IMPORTANT NOTE: report. the credit bureaus Please remove all the other addresses off my report, often change their fax as they are not deliverable to me by the U.S. post numbers. If you find office, and they are not reportable as per the FCRA, since they are inaccurate. you’re having trouble getting the fax to work, Sincerely, Name we suggest using the Enc. Driver License, SSN Card, and Proof of phone call method Residence Pro Tip: Credit Bureau Being Stubborn? If a credit bureau is being tough and not removing any of the personal information you’d like to remove, consider going to a UPS store or any other notary. Take a bill with your current address, along with your driver’s license, and get both notarized. Send this information to the bureaus and watch the old addresses disappear. Page 35Chapter 1: Getting Started How to Remove Inquiries from Your Credit Report Did you know that you can remove The amount of new credit inquiries hard inquiries from your credit account for about 10% of your credit report and raise your credit score? score calculation. To understand how this works, first, That said, hard inquiries only damage we need to talk about the difference your credit score temporarily. between a hard inquiry and a soft Inquiries that are over two years inquiry. old don’t affect your credit score and inquiries over six months old have one- Pro Tip: Soft Inquiries half of the effect on In general, if an online store only your score compared to asks for the last 4 digits of your recent inquiries. This is social security number, they are why you should never likely doing a soft inquiry. But we’ll talk more apply for any new credit later about which specific companies are cards if you intend to best for this method. get a major loan like a mortgage within a six month period. Hard inquiries (also known as “hard A soft inquiry (also known as a “soft pulls”) appear on your credit report pull”) does not damage your credit when a company pulls your credit score. A soft inquiry is made on your report and evaluates it. This happens credit report when you pull your own when you apply for new credit: a report. new credit card, store loan, car loan, mortgage, or personal loan. Every Some companies pull a soft inquiry time you get a hard inquiry, your on your credit file to see if you’re score can drop by a few points. worthy of them sending you pre- approved credit card offers. Banks and other companies can also pull a soft inquiry to confirm your identity. Your prospective employer or landlord may pull a soft inquiry to assess your financial profile and risk. Credit card companies routinely perform a soft inquiry to check your credit report. Page 36Chapter 1: Getting Started How to Remove Inquiries from Inquiry Removal Letters Your Credit Report Inquiry Removal Letter 1 Send to the credit bureau to dispute unauthorized inquiries on your credit report. Your Name Your Address Credit Bureau Name Credit Bureau Address Date RE: Social Security Number: 000-00-0000 To Whom It May Concern, While checking my most recent credit report, I noticed credit inquiries that I did not authorize, made by the following companies: Inquiries: 1. (insert company name & inquiry date) 2. (insert company name & inquiry date) 3. (insert company name & inquiry date) I did not authorize anyone employed by these companies to make any inquiry and view my credit report. This is a violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act Section 1681b(c) and a serious breach of my privacy rights. Please validate this information with these companies and provide me with copies of any documentation associated with these accounts bearing my signature, authorizing an inquiry. In the absence of any such documentation bearing my signature, I formally request that these fraudulent inquiries be immediately deleted from the credit file that you maintain under my Social Security number. Please note that you have 30 days to complete this investigation, as per the Fair Credit Reporting Act section 611. My contact information is as follows: Your Name (printed or typed, not signed) SSN Address Page 37Chapter 1: Getting Started Inquiry Removal Letter 2 Send to the credit bureau if you receive no reply or they say the inquiries were “verified” from Inquiry Letter 1. Your Name Your Address Credit Bureau Name Credit Bureau Address Date RE: Social Security Number: 000-00-0000 To Whom It May Concern, This letter is a follow up to my original letter dated (insert date of original letter) regarding an inaccuracy in your credit reporting. Specifically as it relates to credit inquiries that I did not authorize, made by the following companies: Inquiries: 1. (insert company name & inquiry date) 2. (insert company name & inquiry date) 3. (insert company name & inquiry date) I did not authorize anyone employed by these companies to make any inquiry and view my credit report. This is a violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act Section 1681b(c) and a serious breach of my privacy rights. I am making this final goodwill gesture to allow you to correct your erroneous reporting, and I am maintaining a careful record of my communications with you for the purpose of filing a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Attorney General’s office, should you continue in your non-compliance. I further remind you that, as in Wenger v. Trans Union Corp., No. 95-6445 (C.D.Cal. Nov. 14, 1995), you may be liable for your willful non-compliance. Failure to respond satisfactorily within 30 days of receipt of this certified letter may result in a small claims action against your company, seeking $1,000 per violation for: 1.) Defamation 2.) Negligent Enablement of Identity Fraud 3.) Violations of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (Letter continued on next page) Page 38Chapter 1: Getting Started (Inquiry removal letter #2 continued) My contact information is as follows: Your Name (printed or typed, not signed) SSN Address P.S. Please be aware that dependent upon your response, I may be detailing any potential issues with your company via an online public press release, including documentation of any potential small claims action. CC: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CC: Attorney General’s Office CC: Better Business Bureau #SMCWIN !! Page 39Chapter 1: Getting Started Requesting the Removal of Hard Inquiries Sent Directly to Creditor The Fair Credit Reporting Act allows only authorized inquiries to appear on the consumer credit report. You can challenge whether the inquiring creditor had proper authorization to pull your credit file. Keep a copy for your files and send the letters registered mail. Inquiry Removal Letter 3 Your Name Your Address Creditor Name Creditor Address Date Re: Unauthorized Credit Inquiry To Whom It May Concern, I recently received a copy of my credit report. The credit report showed a credit inquiry by your company that I do not recall authorizing. I understand that you shouldn’t be allowed to put an inquiry on my credit file unless I have authorized it. Please have this inquiry removed from my credit file immediately because it is making it very difficult for me to acquire credit. I have sent this letter certified mail because I need your prompt response to this issue. Please be so kind as to forward me documentation that you’ve had the unauthorized inquiry removed. If you find that I am remiss, and you do have my authorization to inquire into my credit report, then please send me proof of this. Otherwise, please note that I am reserving the right to take civil action if necessary. Thank you, Your Name (printed or typed, not signed) Page 40Chapter 1: Getting Started Page 41Chapter 1: Getting Started The Laws on Your Side When Dealing With Creditors, Collection Agencies and Credit Bureaus There are VERY SPECIFIC laws 2. Fair Credit Reporting Act on your side. They are hidden in The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) between hundreds of pages of legal – this document explains the rules language. and laws that the credit bureaus and 1. Fair Debt Collection creditors/banks have to abide by. Practices Act This is what we will refer to when dealing with Experian, TransUnion, The Fair Debt Collection Practices and Equifax. Act (FDCPA) – this document Our favorite part of the FCRA is: explains the rules and laws that collection agencies are required to FCRA Section 623(a)(3) (this law abide by. is for creditors/banks) Our favorite part of the FDCPA is: § 623. Responsibilities of furnishers of information to FDCPA Section 807(8) (this law is consumer reporting agencies [15 for collection agencies) U.S.C. § 1681s-2] (a) (3) Duty § 807. False or misleading to provide notice of dispute. If representations [15 USC 1692e] the completeness or accuracy (8) Communicating or threatening to communicate to any person credit information which is known or which should be known to be false, including the failure to communicate that a disputed debt is disputed. You can see the entire document here: https://www.ftc.gov/ enforcement/rules/ rulemaking-regulatory- reform-proceedings/ fair-debt-collection- practices-act-text Page 42Chapter 1: Getting Started of any information furnished by • failure to post payments and any person to any consumer other credits, such as returns; reporting agency is disputed • failure to send bills to your to such person by a consumer, current address – provided the the person may not furnish the creditor receives your change information to any consumer of address, in writing, at least reporting agency without notice that such information is disputed by the consumer. You can see the entire document 20 days before the billing period here: https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/ ends; and sites/default/files/articles/pdf/pdf- • charges for which you ask for an 0111-fair-credit-reporting-act.pdf explanation or written proof of Additional Laws to consider for purchase along with a claimed reporting errors are: error or request for clarification. 3. Fair Credit Billing Act You can see the entire document here: https://www.ftc.gov/sites/ The Fair Credit Billing Act (FCBA) - default/files/fcb.pdf For disputes about “billing errors.” 4. Metro 2 Compliance For example: Metro 2 Compliance - Standardizes • charges that list the wrong date the information reported to all 3 or amount; credit bureaus so that furnishers of • math errors; credit information to bureaus must use the proper formatting in a form that contains 67 fields. As an example there is a field called 17a, which on your credit report would equal the section that says Page 43Chapter 1: Getting Started “account status”. If you really want you all hours of the night, calling you a data furnisher to be scared of you at your job, or threatening you with as an “informed consumer”, you may legal action, is illegal! reference Metro 2 when a field is Collections agencies may not use missing or being reported incorrectly. abusive language or call family and really blow their minds! members or close friends disclosing You can find out more here: https:// your debts to them because it is www.collect.org/cv11/Help/ against the law. metro2formatbasesegment.html. If any of your creditors are calling And you can see where the credit you and engaging in illegal tactics, bureaus settled with the Attorney you have the right to report them to General of NY, agreeing to terms your Attorney General, the BBB and of Metro 2 here: https://ag.ny.gov/ the Consumer Financial Protection pdfs/CRA%20Agreement%20 Bureau. In addition, you may be Fully%20Executed%203.8.15.pdf awarded damages should you choose to file a small claims lawsuit NOTE: If any of the above sounds against them. confusing to you, that is totally understandable and nothing to worry about. A bit later we will tell you EXACTLY what you need to know and the steps to take. Dealing with Creditors The creditor or collection agency has a right to send you letters or call you once a day, but harassing Page 44Chapter 1: Getting Started #SM CW IN !! Page 45Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer Chapter 2: Getting Inaccurate / Incomplete / Unfair / Unverifiable Items Removed We like to start with the FDCPA section 807(8) and FCRA section Section 623(a)(3). Remember, the FDCPA deals with collection agencies and the FCRA deals with banks/creditors. The big key item to remember is that ANY TIME you contact any of these entities questioning a line item that they placed on your credit report, they are required to contact the credit bureaus on your behalf, and make like this: “Customer has disputed the sure they add a sentence to your validity of this item”. credit report WITHIN 30 CALENDAR The thing is they almost never add DAYS that says you have disputed the sentence. In our experience, over the negative item in question. 90% of the time, they just don’t do it. This is because, in general, most requirements in the FDCPA have a If they do, it is usually not in time 30 day window for resolution. either. Sometimes they will do it within 60 days. Not Good Enough! The required sentence would appear on your credit report with something That’s too bad for them, because by law, they MUST add the dispute notice within 30 Pro Tip: Keep the days. Oldest What does that mean for you? If possible try to leave the oldest You will get a copy of your account open. The length of your credit report on the day credit history is a factor in your score. If they signed for your letter, you close that old account that you opened and you will get another as a Freshman in college, that was not copy of your credit report reporting derogatory, and only leave recent exactly 31 days later. ones open, it will make it look as if you are much newer borrower. You will then have proof that they didn’t follow the law - Page 46Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer that they didn’t mark the item as disputed within Did you know? 30 calendar days, and This strategy also works for disputing inquiries they may be liable to you - they must report an inquiry as disputed as for DAMAGES of up to well - which again they almost never will. $1,000 per occurrence. Do you think they would payment terms when you opened the rather pay you $1,000 or remove the account. item? Many companies do not have these This will give you massive leverage records readily available, and in fact to get the items removed. many have no records at all. When you start the process, you will If you’re beginning to notice, we are be asking the collection agencies forcing these companies to work some hard hitting questions and harder than they normally do. They requesting very specific information usually try to collect from uninformed from them. people who they consider “easy Information such as a copy of the money” or “low hanging fruit”. So original contract you physically we are putting them on notice that signed, supposedly agreeing to their we aren’t just going to lay down for them. They actually have to do their job and follow the law. What a concept! The letters we provide apply to the majority of situations. They begin with demands for validation - i.e. proof that you owe the amount stated. They escalate depending on the response or lack of response. You should edit the letter templates to relate to your own situation and how aggressive you want to be, and what your reasoning is: • inaccurate • incomplete • unfair • unverifiable • not yours The letter sending process is a 2 part process. Page 47Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer Part 1 Letters Part 1 is for dealing with the creditors letter) you will print out a new copy of and collection agencies directly. your credit reports, and they will be time & date stamped as well. This will Part 2 is for dealing with the credit provide you with proof of whether or bureaus. not they marked the item “disputed” For best results, we do not as required by the law. If they do it recommend skipping ahead. AFTER the 30 day mark, you now The exception is “public records” (judgments, bankruptcies, liens) - for those you can skip directly to part 2, since you cannot dispute or challenge them directly with a collection agency, a creditor or a court. Sample Letters Templates *IMPORTANT* – For best results we recommend sending any of the letters you use below via CERTIFIED MAIL, with a return receipt requested - you can also opt to save some money on postage by only requesting “electronic delivery confirmation” instead of getting the receipt mailed to you. Either option will not only ensure its delivery, but you will have a documented time of when it was received. This is very important because you are going to need to prove that the credit bureaus, collection agencies, and creditors failed to properly investigate and/or mark your account as disputed within the 30 day time-frame required by law. As soon as they sign for your letter, the clock starts ticking, and you will have a receipt of when they signed for it. On DAY 31 (31 calendar days after they have signed for the Page 48Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer have leverage on them that they • Incorrect high balance have violated the FCRA and FDCPA. • Late pays after an account was PLEASE NOTE: We have notes and closed things like “your name here” in the • Account number inaccurate letter templates below. Make sure (may include X’s or asterisks you proofread your letters and see instead of full number - this is a that you’ve made all of the necessary BIG issue that we will talk about edits where your own personal more later) information is required. • Account type inaccurate According to the law, the burden of • Invalid furnisher (more on this proof is on the credit bureau and/or later) the furnisher of the information - NOT YOU. Meaning you are allowed to challenge any item that you Pro Tip: Dispute believe is unverifiable Anything! or inaccurate. It is important to note However, if you DO that you are legally allowed know and concede to dispute anything on your that an item is 100% credit report because the burden of proof yours, there are many is on them, not you. If you do not recall an other ways to go after item in any way, or believe the date is wrong, remove it - instead the amount is wrong, or ANYTHING at all is of claiming it doesn’t suspicious, requesting validation is generally belong to you, you can good practice in order to get the best and challenge it based on most accurate results. any of the following potential errors that you believe may be • Date of last activity incorrect occurring: (the 7 year clock starts on the • Incorrect balance last payment you made, and • Missing information no one is allowed to “re-age” the item to start the clock over • Incorrect credit limit - even paying off a collection • High balance is lower than owed does not reset the last payment balance date) • “Status” or any other field blank • Date of last update incorrect • “Status” incorrect • Date reported inaccurate Page 49Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer Part 1 Letters • Collection account listed with letter saying a whole bunch of stuff a limit, but a collection cannot you don’t understand, and many have a limit times what they say isn’t even legal or true (such as saying they don’t • Charge off listed as “open” or need to give you proof of anything). collection We call these “stall tactics”, and While our sample letter templates typically continue with the next letter. below are for accounts that you claim Verified: The creditor or collection are not yours, you should feel free agency may provide you with what to change them to the situation that they call “proof”, such as an itemized applies to you, using one or more of printout of what they claim is your the above issues. account or billing statement. The Lastly, here are a few common FTC has issued an opinion letter on replies you will get to the letters in this subject, and concludes that an Part 1 (to creditors and collection itemized printout does not represent agencies): verification. Here is a link to the FTC Blah Blah Blah: The creditor or opinion letter: http://creditsecret. collection agency may reply with a org/wollmanopinion.jpg - When you send letter #2 you will have massive leverage. No reply: If they do not reply within 30 days of receiving your letter, they are in violation of the FDCPA and FCRA. You will now have massive leverage going into letter #2. Mail returned undeliverable If you mailed your letter to the address of the collector/ creditor that is listed on your credit report and it comes back returned, that means they are reporting inaccurate data because they provided a false address to reach them on your credit report. You can then make a copy of the returned mail and send it Page 50Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer to the credit bureaus as proof, and Highlight the entire letter with your request removal. mouse and then right-click and select “Copy”. Then open a new document Printing the Letters in your editor of choice, right click If you are reading this book as a and select “paste”. hardcopy, you can login to your Then make the changes necessary member’s dashboard at http:// to format & personalize it. www.creditsecret.org/login and download the digital version. Once Lastly, DO NOT sign any letters you have downloaded the PDF file, you send. You do not want your you can use Adobe Acrobat or Adobe signature being compared, and used Reader to open it. Then you can against you later, if they do happen simply copy and paste each letter to find your original contract. A typed into a word processor like Microsoft version of your name is enough to Word, Google Docs or OpenOffice. send the letters. org. OK enough talk - Let’s do this! Page 51Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer Part 1, Letter #1 This is the letter that you send directly to the bank or agency that reported an inaccurate, unfair, or unverifiable derogatory or collection item to the credit bureaus. Date Your Name Your Address Name of creditor/collection agency Address of creditor/collection agency (from your credit report) Re: Acct # 000-000-000-000 To Whom It May Concern: This letter is regarding account #000-000-000-000, which you claim [insert a derogatory condition here, such as “I owe $200.00” or “my account was charged off $800”]. This is a formal notice that your claim is disputed. I am requesting validation, made pursuant to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and the Fair Credit Reporting Act, along with the correspond- ing local state laws. Please note that I am requesting “validation”; that is competent evidence bearing my signature, showing that I have (or ever had) some contractual obligation to pay you. Please also be aware that any negative mark found on my credit reports (including Experian, TransUnion and Equifax) from your company or any company that you represent, for a debt that I don’t owe, is a violation of the FCRA & FDCPA; therefore if you cannot validate the debt, you must request that all credit reporting agencies delete the entry. Pending the outcome of my investigation of any evidence that you submit, you are instructed to take no action that could be detrimental to any of my credit reports. Failure to respond within 30 days of receipt of this certified letter may result in small claims legal action against your company at my local venue. I would be seeking a minimum of $1,000 in damages per violation for: · Defamation · Negligent Enablement of Identity Fraud · Violation of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (including but not limited to Section 807-8) · Violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (including but not limited to Section 623-b) (Letter continued on next page) Page 52Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer (Part 1, Letter #1 continued) Please Note: This notice is an attempt to correct your records, and any information received from you will be collected as evidence should any further action be necessary. This is a request for information only, and is not a statement, election, or waiver of status. My contact information is as follows: Your Name (printed not signed) Your Address SSN P.S. Please be aware that dependent upon your response, I may be detailing any potential issues with your company via an online public press release, including documentation of any potential small claims action. I am also including a copy of my complaint to the organizations below: CC: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CC: Attorney General’s Office CC: Better Business Bureau Page 53Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer Part 1 Letter #2A You will send this second letter only if you receive a letter back from a creditor/collection agency in reply to letter # 1, saying your account was verified as accurate. Date Your Name Your Address Name of creditor/collection agency Address of creditor/collection agency (from your credit report) Re: Acct # 000-000-000-000 To Whom It May Concern: This letter is in response to your recent claim regarding account #000-000- 000-000, which you claim [insert a derogatory condition here, such as “I owe $200.00” or “my account was charged off $800”]. Yet again, you have failed to provide me with a copy of any viable evidence, bearing my signature, showing the account is being reported accurately. Be advised that the description of the procedure used to determine the accuracy and completeness of the information is hereby requested. Additionally, please provide the name, address, and telephone number of each person who personally verified this alleged account, so that I can inquire about how they “verified” without providing any proof, bearing my signature. As per FTC opinion letter from Attorney John F. LeFevre, you should be aware that a printout of a bill or itemized document does not constitute verification. I am again formally requesting a copy of any documents, bearing my sig- nature, showing that I have a legally binding contractual obligation to pay you the alleged amount. Be aware that I am making a final goodwill attempt to have you clear up this matter. The listed item is inaccurate and incomplete, and represents a very serious error in your reporting. I am maintaining a careful record of my communications with you for the purpose of filing a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Attorney General’s office, should you continue in your (Letter continued on next page) Page 54Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer (Part 1, Letter #2A continued) non-compliance of federal laws under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and the corresponding local state laws. I further remind you that you may be liable for your willful non-compli- ance. Failure on your behalf to provide a copy of any alleged contract or other instrument bearing my signature may result in a small claims action against your company. I would be seeking a minimum of $1,000 in damag- es per violation for: · Defamation · Negligent Enablement of Identity Fraud · Violation of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (including but not lim- ited to Section 807-8) · Violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (including but not limited to Section 623-b) You will be required to appear in a court venue local to me, in order to formally defend yourself. My contact information is as follows: Your Name (printed not signed) Your Address SSN P.S. Please be aware that dependent upon your response, I may be detailing any potential issues with your company via an online public press release, including documentation of any potential small claims action. CC: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CC: Attorney General’s Office CC: Better Business Bureau Page 55Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer Part 1, Letter #2B You will send this second letter ONLY if you DO NOT hear back from the creditor/collection agency in reply to letter #1. Date Your Name Your Address Name of creditor/collection agency Address of creditor/collection agency (from your credit report) Re: Acct # 000-000-000-000 To Whom It May Concern: This letter is in response to your recent claim regarding account #000-000- 000-000, which you claim [insert a derogatory condition here, such as “I owe $200.00” or “my account was charged off $800”]. By not replying in a timely manner to my initial letter on [insert date], you have not only violated federal and state laws, but you have also failed to provide me with a copy of any viable evidence, bearing my signature, showing the account is being reported accurately. Be aware that I am making a final goodwill attempt to have you clear up this matter. The listed item is entirely inaccurate and incomplete, and represents a very serious error in your reporting. I am maintaining a careful record of my communications with you for the purpose of filing a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Attorney General’s office, should you continue in your non-compliance of federal laws under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and the corresponding local state laws. I further remind you that you may be liable for your willful non-compliance. Failure on your behalf to provide a copy of any alleged contract or other instrument bearing my signature may result in a small claims action against your company. I would be seeking a minimum of $1,000 in damages per violation for: · Defamation · Negligent Enablement of Identity Fraud (Letter continued on next page) Page 56Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer (Part 1, Letter #2B continued) · Violation of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (including but not limited to Section 807-8) · Violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (including but not limited to Section 623-b) You would be required to appear in a court venue local to me, in order to formally defend yourself. My contact information is as follows: Your Name (printed not signed) Your Address SSN P.S. Please be aware that dependent upon your response, I may be detailing any potential issues with your company via an online public press release, including documentation of any potential small claims action. CC: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CC: Attorney General’s Office CC: Better Business Bureau N !! WI C M S # Page 57Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer Part 1, Letter #3 This letter only gets sent if your creditor/collection agency responds with what they consider “proof” of your original signature and obligation to pay. You must wait until the 31st day from when they received your first letter, then check your credit report to make sure they have not marked the item as “disputed”. If it is not marked as “disputed” in the comment section, we typically proceed ahead and send Part 1 Letter 3. If it IS marked as disputed, then you can proceed with Part 1 Letter 4 or Part 2 Letter 1 - it is your choice. Date Your Name Your Address Name of creditor/collection agency Address of creditor/collection agency (from your credit report) Re: Acct # 000-000-000-000 To Whom It May Concern: Upon further investigation, I have retained new copies of my credit reports, and noticed that you did not furnish the credit bureaus with the required disclosure, within the period required by law. You are required by federal law to place a “notice of dispute” on my account within 30 days of my dispute, which you signed for on [insert date]. I have retained a copy of your signature and date of receipt, as well as a time-stamped copy of my credit reports, showing that you have violated the Fair Credit Reporting Act, Section 623(a)(3) and/or the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Section 807(8) by not placing the disclosure within the required 30-day period. Be aware that I am making a final goodwill attempt to have you clear up this matter. The listed item is entirely inaccurate and incomplete, and represents a very serious error in your reporting. I am maintaining a careful record of my communications with you for the purpose of filing a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Attorney General’s office, should you continue in your non-compliance of federal laws under the Fair Credit Reporting Act. I further remind you that you may be liable for your willful non- compliance, as per FCRA 623(a)(3) - Responsibilities of furnishers of (Letter continued on next page) Page 58Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer (Part 1, Letter #3 continued) information to consumer reporting agencies [15 U.S.C. 1681s-2] (3) Duty to provide notice of dispute. If the completeness or accuracy of any information furnished by any person to any consumer reporting agency is disputed to such person by a consumer, the person may not furnish the information to any consumer reporting agency without notice that such information is disputed by the consumer. (B) Time of Notice (I) The notice required under subparagraph (A) shall be provided to the customer prior to, or no later than 30 days after, furnishing the negative information to a consumer reporting agency described in section 603(p). As you have violated federal law, by not properly providing the credit bureaus with proper notice within the required timeframe, and I have evidence of such, via certified mail receipts, you must now remove the item. Any other action (or inaction) on your behalf may result in a small claims action against your company. I would be seeking a minimum of $1,000 in damages per violation for: · Defamation · Negligent Enablement of Identity Fraud · Violation of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (including but not limited to Section 807-8) · Violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (including but not limited to Section 623-a-3) You will be required to appear in a court venue local to me, in order to formally defend yourself. My contact information is as follows: Your Name (printed not signed) Your Address SSN P.S. Please be aware that dependent upon your response, I may be detailing any potential issues with your company via an online public press release, including documentation of any potential small claims action. CC: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CC: Attorney General’s Office CC: Better Business Bureau Page 59Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer Part 1, Letter # 4 You can send this letter if you have not heard back from the creditor, OR if they continue to “verify” the item without sufficient proof. This letter is for when you have taken legal action in small claims court. If you prefer not to go that route, it is completely up to you - you may want to skip ahead to Part 2, Letter 1 in lieu of filing a small claims lawsuit. Date Your Name Your Address Name of creditor/collection agency Address of creditor/collection agency (from your credit report) Re: Acct # 000-000-000-000 To Whom It May Concern: This letter is in response to your recent claim regarding account #000-000- 000-000, which you claim [insert a derogatory condition here, such as “I owe $200.00” or “my account was charged off $800”]. Yet again, you have failed to: (choose which apply) Provide me with a copy of any viable evidence bearing my signature. Mark the item as disputed on my credit reports Given that I believe you are acting in bad faith, and have not complied with the federal and state laws, I have filed a Small Claims lawsuit against you. (see attached lawsuit) I have maintained careful records of your actions, and you are now required to appear at: (insert courthouse and address) on (insert date). I am seeking (insert dollar amount) in damages for: (choose which laws to include depending on whether or not they provided you with evidence or failed to mark as disputed) · Violation of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (including but not limited to Section 807-8) · Violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (including but not limited to (Letter continued on next page) Page 60Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer (Part 1, Letter #4 continued) Section 623-a-3) · Violation of (insert corresponding state laws here if desired) Prior to our court date on (insert date) if you should decide to correct your records and remove the negative and false item in question, please contact me at the address below, and I will subsequently withdraw the lawsuit. My contact information is as follows: Your Name (printed not signed) Your Address SSN CC: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CC: Attorney General’s Office CC: Better Business Bureau Page 61Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer Pro Tip: The Automator Are you in a hurry? Letters Created by Automator: Don’t want to deal with PART 1: Letters Directly to copy and pasting and formatting Creditors and/or Collection letters in a word processor? Do you Agencies just want to click a few buttons and have your letters generated and sent Part 1 – Letter 1 (Send directly to through your computer via an online the bank or agency that reported a certified mail service? derogatory/erroneous or collection item to the credit bureaus) Have no fear! The Automator is here! Part 1 – Letter 2a (Send this letter only if you receive a letter back Available as an upgrade from from a creditor in reply to letter # 1, your Credit Secrets Membership saying your account was verified as dashboard, The Automator is a PDF “legitimate”) generator on steroids. You input a few simple items and it generates Part 1 – Letter 2b (Send this letter the letters for you. Once you are only if you do not hear back from the finished, it can even send the letters creditor in reply to letter #1) FOR YOU. Part 1 – Letter 3 (This letter is more Our members that use the aggressive. You can send this if you Automator say that it’s a huge time want to skip letters #2a or 2b and saver especially if you have a lot of go hard on removal, or you can be letters to send. nicer and wait to see what happens after sending letter #2a or 2b – it is When you upgrade to the Automator, you will be able to access it from within your membership dashboard. Page 62Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer up to you. IMPORTANT: At minimum receive a letter back from the credit you must wait until 31 days after bureau, saying your account was letter #1 was delivered and signed verified as “legitimate”) for, and then you must verify that Part 2 – Letter 2b (Send this letter they have not marked the disputed to the credit bureau if you do not get item as “disputed” on your credit any response from letter #1) reports) Part 2 – Letter 3 (Send if you have Part 1 – Letter 4 (Send this not heard back from the credit settlement letter if the creditor is bureau, or if they have continued to not complying and you have filed a “verify” the item without proof) small claims lawsuit) PART 3: Additional Bonus Letters PART 2: Letters Directly to Credit Bureaus 5 Day Reinsertion Letter Goodwill Letter Part 2 – Letter 1 (This is your Inquiry Removal Letter 1 original dispute with the credit Inquiry Removal Letter 2 bureaus directly – Send this if you Inquiry Removal Letter 3 have not had success with the Returned Mail Letter letters in Part 1) Alternative / Bizarre Letter Part 2 – Letter 2a (Send this if you Repo Letter 1 Repo Letter 2 After you choose “Automator” from the left hand side menu, if you have purchased the upgrade you will see the big green ACTIVATED status. Page 63Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer Pro Tip: The Automator On the left hand menu and at the top of this screen, is a link to the Automator Tutorial. If you have never used the Automator before, please watch the entire video. You start with a credit of 30 uses per letter, and each user is entitled to one free reset. You can see how many of each letter you have used by clicking “Automator Usage” from the left hand menu. It will take you to a screen that looks like this: Page 64Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer To get started filing out a letter, click “automator” fromm the left hand menu. you wil be taken to a form to fill out. Anwer all required questions. Choose whether you are sending the letter to the Creditor or the Credit Bureau. New questions will open up. Answer each one, until you get to the bottom of the form and press submit. Page 65Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer Pro Tip: The Automator After you hot submit, a new screen will load with your letter in an editor, where you can fine tune it or add anything else you might need, such as more inquiries, or creditors, etc. Once you are happy with your letter, click CREATE PDF. A dialogue box will open and ask you to save the file. Some people will have their browsers setup to automatically save to their downloads folder. Then you can click RETURN TO LETTER WIZARD and create another letter. Page 66Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer If you don’t have time to go to the post office, then you can take advantage of Online Certified Mail by clicking the link in the left hand sidebar. It will take you to a service provider that will handle the rest for you. Just fill out all your information, upload your documents, and away they go! Page 67Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer Part 2 Letters Part 2 deals with contacting the credit bureaus directly. Here the focus is on something called “method of verification”. First you dispute the inaccurate, unverifiable or unfair item as per FCRA section 611(a)(1)(A). If you get a response to your challenge/ dispute from the credit reporting agency saying the disputed item was “verified” This is something they typically you have the right to request the cannot do, because they don’t “method of verification” under the actually speak to anyone in order to FCRA, Section 611 (a)(6) and (7). get verification. Like we mentioned The credit reporting agency must before, It is all automated through give you the method of verification a computer, and computers make information within 15 days of your errors. A third party database was request. likely used to “verify” the disputed item automatically, which is insufficient. So we then Pro Tip: Send request evidence such Evidence as the name, address and telephone number of If one bureau removes an item anyone from the original and the others don’t, or if you creditor they contacted, send a letter that gets returned, you can and escalate from there. send either of those to the credit bureaus as evidence that they need to remove the derogatory item in question. Page 68Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer Part 2, Letter #1 This is your Original Dispute or Challenge with the Credit Bureaus directly. We only recommend sending these if you have not had any success with the letters in Part 1, or if you are disputing a public record. Your Name Your Address Credit Bureau Name Credit Bureau Address Date RE: Social Security Number: 000-00-0000 To Whom It May Concern: I have recently been informed that there is negative information reported by [insert name of collection agency, creditor or court] in the file you maintain under my Social Security number. Upon reviewing a copy of my credit report, I see an entry listing [insert a derogatory condition here, such as “I owe $200.00” or “my account was charged off $800”] in [month/ year]. I challenge the accuracy, compliance and reportability of this listing. Please validate this information with [name of creditor, collection agency, or court] and provide me with copies of any documentation associated with this account, bearing my signature. In the absence of any such documentation bearing my signature, I formally request that this information be immediately deleted from the credit file you maintain under my Social Security number. Please note that you have 30 days to complete this investigation, as per the Fair Credit Reporting Act Section 611(a)(1)(A), and I am keeping careful record of your actions, including your Method of Verification. I do not consent to e-Oscar or any means of automated verification. Failure to respond satisfactorily within 30 days of receipt of this certified letter may result in a small claims action against your company, seeking $1,000 per violation for: 1.) Defamation 2.) Negligent Enablement of Identity Fraud 3.) Violations of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (Letter continued on next page) Page 69Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer (Part 2, Letter #1 continued) My contact information is as follows: Your Name (printed or typed, not signed) SSN Address P.S. Please be aware that dependent upon your response, I may be detailing any potential issues with your company via an online public press release, including documentation of any potential small claims action. Cc: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Cc: Attorney General’s Office Cc: Better Business Bureau Page 70Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer Part 2, Letter #2A You can send this letter if you receive a letter back from the credit bureau, saying your account was “verified” as accurate. Your Name Your Address Credit Bureau Name Credit Bureau Address Date RE: Social Security Number: 000-00-0000 To Whom It May Concern: This letter is in response to your recent claim that [insert name of creditor, collection agency, or court] has verified that the account they are reporting under my name is accurate. Be advised that the description of the procedure used to determine the accuracy and completeness of the information is hereby requested, to be provided within fifteen (15) days of the completion of your re- investigation. Additionally, please provide the name, address, and telephone number of each person contacted regarding this alleged account. I am formally requesting a copy of any documents provided bearing my signature, showing that I have a legally binding contractual obligation to pay them the exact amount claimed. Any automated response or e-Oscar verification is unacceptable. I am requesting a reinvestigation AND your Method of Verification. Be aware that I am making a final goodwill attempt to have you clear up this matter. The listed item is entirely inaccurate and incomplete, and represents a very serious error in your reporting. I am maintaining a careful record of my communications with you for the purpose of filing a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Attorney General’s office, should you continue in your non- compliance. I further remind you that, as in Wenger v. Trans Union Corp., No. 95-6445 (C.D.Cal. Nov. 14, 1995), you may be liable for your willful (Letter continued on next page) Page 71Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer (Part 2, Letter #2A continued) non-compliance. Failure to respond satisfactorily within 30 days of receipt of this certified letter may result in a small claims action against your company, seeking $1,000 per violation for: 1.) Defamation 2.) Negligent Enablement of Identity Fraud 3.) Violations of the Fair Credit Reporting Act My contact information is as follows: Your Name (printed or typed, not signed) SSN Address P.S. Please be aware that dependent upon your response, I may be detailing any potential issues with your company via an online public press release, including documentation of any potential small claims action. Cc: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Cc: Attorney General’s Office Cc: Better Business Bureau Page 72Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer Part 2, Letter #2B You can send this letter to the credit bureau if you do not get any response from Letter #1 Your Name Your Address Credit Bureau Name Credit Bureau Address Date RE: Social Security Number: 000-00-0000 To Whom It May Concern: This letter is a follow up to my original letter dated [insert date of original letter] regarding an inaccuracy in your credit reporting, regarding the entry being reported under [insert name of creditor, collection agency, or court]. By not replying in a timely manner to my initial letter on you have not only violated federal law, but you have also failed to provide me with a copy of any viable evidence, bearing my signature, showing the account is being reported accurately. Be aware that I am making a final goodwill attempt to have you clear up this matter. The listed item is entirely inaccurate and incomplete, and represents a very serious error in your reporting. I am maintaining a careful record of my communications with you for the purpose of filing a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Attorney General’s office, should you continue in your non- compliance. I further remind you that, as in Wenger v. Trans Union Corp., No. 95-6445 (C.D.Cal. Nov. 14, 1995), you may be liable for your willful non-compliance. As you have now violated federal law, by not properly investigating within the required timeframe, and I have evidence of such, via certified mail receipts, you must now remove the item. Any other action (or inaction) on your behalf may result in a small claims action against your company. I would be seeking $1,000 per violation for: 1.) Defamation 2.) Negligent Enablement of Identity Fraud 3.) Violations of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (Letter continued on next page) Page 73Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer (Part 2, Letter #2B continued) My contact information is as follows: Your Name (printed or typed, not signed) SSN Address P.S. Please be aware that dependent upon your response, I may be detailing any potential issues with your company via an online public press release, including documentation of any potential small claims action. Cc: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Cc: Attorney General’s Office Cc: Better Business Bureau N !! WI C M S # Page 74Chapter 2: Attack & Conquer Part 2, Letter #3 You can send if you have not heard back from the credit bureau, or if they have continued to “verify” the item without proof, and you are ready to take legal action. (or you could skip ahead to the “bizarre letter” or the “incomplete/missing info letter” in lieu of legal action) Your Name Your Address Credit Bureau Name Credit Bureau Address Date RE: Social Security Number: 000-00-0000 To Whom It May Concern: This letter is my final communication in regarding the inaccurate entry being reported under [insert name of creditor, collection agency, or court]. I have repeatedly asked for evidence to support your reporting, but yet again, you have failed to provide me with a copy of any viable evidence submitted by [insert name of creditor, collection agency, or court] substantiating their claims. Furthermore, I have requested your method of verification, and you have not complied, which is an additional violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act 611(a)(7). Given that I believe you are acting in bad faith, and have not complied with the Fair Credit Reporting Act, I have filed a Small Claims lawsuit against you. (see attached lawsuit) I have maintained careful records of your actions, and you are now required to appear at: [insert courthouse and address] on [insert date]. I am seeking [insert dollar amount] in damages for: · Violations of the Fair Credit Reporting Act - including but not limited to Section 611 · Violations of [insert any corresponding state laws if you desire] Prior to our court date on [insert date] if you should decide to correct your records and remove the negative and false item in question, please contact me at the address below, and I will subsequently withdraw the lawsuit. My contact information is as follows: Your Name (printed or typed, not signed) SSN Address Cc: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Cc: Attorney General’s Office Cc: Better Business Bureau Page 75Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics Public Records, Filing Complaints, and Additional Types of Letters Public records are extremely If you negotiate a settlement on damaging to your credit score. a debt (with a debt collector for They consist mostly of tax liens, example) and pay less than is due, bankruptcies, judgments, and the difference between what you repossessions. Basically anything actually owe and what you paid is where a court was involved. counted as ordinary taxable income. Tax liens The IRS defines a tax lien as “the government’s legal claim against your property when you neglect or fail to pay a tax debt.” What does this mean to you? It means the government has Say you owe $50,000 and your the right to take your property away creditor agrees to accept $30,000 as from you and either sell it or keep it to payment in full. In that case the IRS satisfy your unpaid taxes. considers the forgiven portion (the There are three major reasons why $20,000) to be taxable income. You’re people get into tax trouble with the going to get a bill for the income tax IRS and end up with a lien: on this amount. 1. Employer failure to pay payroll So if any of the situations apply to you, taxes. Any time an employee you’re going to receive a “Demand for gets a paycheck, the employer Payment” and if you ignore it, it will must withhold the employee’s allow the government to proceed to income tax, the employee’s the next step in the collection process. share of the social security, After you get the Demand for and Medicare obligation, and Payment, the government can then then send that money to the increase the pressure on you by filing government. It’s actually very a Notice of Federal Tax Lien (NFTL). common for a business to fall behind on sending that in. This formal legal document states the amount owed at the time the notice 2. Failure to pay ordinary income is filed, and it is usually filed in two taxes. places: (a) the registry of deeds in 3. Failure to pay a tax due on the county where you reside, and (b) a forgiven debt. This kind of the Secretary of State’s office in the tax debt can come as a huge capital city of the state where you live. surprise. Page 76Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics Apart from telling the whole world for a withdrawal. Your request must about your tax troubles (very be in writing and provide the names unpleasant), the filing of an NFTL and addresses of the credit reporting has other serious consequences. agencies, financial institutions and/or creditors that you want notified.” • It encumbers (ties up) any real estate or personal property that In layman’s terms, it means you you own. can ask the IRS to notify the credit reporting agencies (Equifax, • It freezes (locks down) any bank Experian and TransUnion) that the accounts you have. Once an lien has been withdrawn. NFTL is filed in the county and state offices, your bank will soon Even if you haven’t paid the lien, a know about it and your accounts few years ago the IRS implemented can be frozen if you haven’t something called the “Fresh Start” agreed to a formal payment plan initiative, which is a series of and kept it in good standing. procedures and policy changes directed toward taxpayers facing • It destroys your credit. If an collections from the IRS. One of the NFTL is filed against you, it will changes includes a policy that allows soon find its way onto your credit report. Pro Tip: Good News! When a tax lien drops onto your credit Starting July 1, 2017, the report, it is going to be three major credit agencies extremely difficult to — Experian, Equifax and get any new lines of TransUnion — have stated that credit. they are removing all tax liens and civil judgments from credit reports if they Tax liens can remain do not match three of the four criteria required: on your credit report of name, address, social security number, and for at least 7 years. If birthdate. you pay the amount “It’s good news for the consumer, clearly, or pay a negotiated because the credit score is used almost settlement, your lien ubiquitously across the world of consumer will be marked as finance, and lenders use it, insurance satisfied. But what we companies use it, credit carders use it,” said ultimately want is a John Ulzheimer, a credit consultant who has “withdrawal” (removal worked for Equifax and FICO, and resident from the credit report). CreditSecret.org specialist. Ulzheimer also says the changes may not Form 12277 (https:// be permanent. “There is a possibility that if www.irs.gov/pub/irs- the credit reporting bureau is able to find the pdf/f12277.pdf) is how missing information, the negative information to formally ask the IRS could reappear on consumer credit reports.” Page 77Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics Public Records certain taxpayers to request that If you meet either of these sets of their tax liens be withdrawn, even criteria, you may be eligible to have before the underlying tax debt has the tax lien withdrawn from your been paid. credit report. If so, go on to the next steps. You may qualify for this, but there is no guarantee. To qualify for this 1. After paying off your balance in program after the lien is released, full or being granted a waiver for you must usually meet the following your unpaid balance, you should 2 criteria: receive IRS Form 668(Z), Release of Federal Tax Lien 1. You have been in compliance with the law for the past 3 2. Find your original IRS Form years when it comes to filing 668(Y), Notice of Federal Tax individual, business, and Lien information returns 3. Fill out IRS Form 12277, 2. You are current on all estimated Application for Withdrawal of tax payments and federal tax Filed Form 668(Y) deposits 4. Submit all 3 of the above To qualify for the program while documents to the IRS, along the lien is still being paid, you must with an explanation of why you generally meet the following 6 are requesting the lien to be criteria: withdrawn. 1. You qualify as a taxpayer. 5. After some time for processing, you should receive IRS Form 2. You owe no more than $25,000. 10916(c), Withdrawal of Filed 3. The Direct Debit Installment Notice of Federal Tax Lien. Agreement must be on track 6. You will use IRS Form 10916(c) to pay off the entire amount and send it to the credit within 60 months, or before bureaus. the Collection Statute expires, whichever is earlier. For State Taxes: 4. You are fully compliant with After paying your tax lien in full, you all other payment and filing will need to contact your state tax requirements. office and request a form verifying 5. You have made at least 3 the release of the lien. This process consecutive payments in the will differ by state. If you have an direct debit payment plan. unpaid state tax lien, you can use the method below for removing it from 6. You have never defaulted your credit reports (although legally on a Direct Debit Installment you will still owe the debt). agreement. Page 78Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics The Loophole to Remove Liens, Judgments (public records) From Your Credit Report When a public record is filed against they all confirm the same thing - that you, it is filed with a court. Whether they do NOT furnish information to or not you get it removed from your any third party, including the credit credit reports, that has no effect bureaus. on having it removed from court So why would the credit bureaus records. So eventually, you should provide you with false information do your best to pay those and have about who furnished the information? them removed from court records. But in the short term, if you want a We don’t know the answer to that. public record off of your credit report, But what we do know is that here’s what you could do... the bureaus get public records When you look at your credit report, it information from companies like shows who furnished the information. “Lexis-Nexis”, or sometimes But if you look specifically at the “PACER”. Typically it is from Lexis public records section of your report, Nexis, which is a “for profit” company you will see that the bureaus claim that is in the information-selling the furnisher is the “recorder of business. They regularly collect deeds”, “magistrate” or “municipal public records information into their court”. Sometimes it may just show database, and then they sell it to the the court address. credit bureaus. The problem is, none of that We have no idea why the credit information is accurate. The recorder bureaus do not list Lexis-Nexis as of deeds, the magistrate, or the their information provider. Whatever court itself did not furnish any of this the reason, it is your loophole to information to the credit bureaus. getting public records removed, because it is a violation of the Fair Our members have obtained letters Credit Reporting Act to report false from courts over and over again, and information. And claiming to get information from a court, when it is actually obtained from an unnamed 3rd party, could easily be considered “false information” on your credit report. Furthermore, when Page 79Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics Liens, Judgments you dispute a public record with the your report when they claim to get credit bureaus, they will sometimes the information directly from the go so far as to say they VERIFIED courts. the information with the court! Again, You can actually go down to your this is completely false. They typically courthouse and get one of these utilize an automated computerized letters for yourself. Or you can send system called e-Oscar (Online them a letter, asking for an answer in Solution for Complete and Accurate return. In fact, we recommend it. Reporting) that automatically checks with Lexis-Nexis. The dispute is In order to create a paper trail, send broken down into a 2 or 3 digit a letter to the clerk of the court code and sent to Lexis-Nexis for where the public record was filed. verification. (NOT to the court and In the letter, request the procedure NOT by a real live person) for verifying records with the credit reporting agencies. Enclose a self- First of all, it is sad and disgraceful addressed stamped envelope so that that your heart felt letters, backed they can easily send you a reply. with proof, are reduced to a 2 digit code by a computer algorithm. Now you will have proof that the courts do not verify information That is precisely why we provide directly with the credit reporting you with letters that use words to agencies. get HUMAN attention, rather than automated, error prone systems. They will provide you with a letter similar to this: By now you should be starting to see why you have a real opportunity to get all of your public records removed. It is clear that the bureaus are providing false information on Pro Tip: Mix It Up! Staples, different colored paper, different sized paper, and different fonts can confuse the automated system and force a real live person to review your letters. Page 80Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics NOTES ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________ Page 81Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics Advanced Public Records Removal To go even one step further in getting LexisNexis – (888) 497-9172 more ammunition for public records https://personalreports. removal, some of our members have lexisnexis.com/pdfs/mt_freeze_ done the following: request.pdf The Security “Freeze” Trick However, in order to additionally “opt We previously spoke about how the out” of other services they provide credit bureaus actually obtain public (where they sell your information) records data from LexisNexis, and you will need to provide them with not the public courts that they claim evidence that you’ve potentially been to. a victim of identity fraud. As a consumer, and depending on the state of your residency, you may be able to request that a “security freeze” be placed on certain data that LexisNexis® Risk Solutions maintains about you, including some or all of the following: C.L.U.E. reports, Current Carrier reports, and Riskview reports. You may also subsequently release or lift a freeze at a later date. Furthermore, LexisNexis has an option to “opt out” from letting anyone access additional data on your reports with them. Placing a security freeze is as easy as making a phone call or visiting their website. Page 82Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics Acceptable forms of proof are: Two of the following forms of identification: 1. a police report 1. A copy of a state-issued driver’s 2. a copy of a letter from one of license or state identification your creditors that identifies card. you as being a potential victim. Remember when there was 2. A copy of a “recent” cable, utility, a huge data breach at Target or phone statement with an Department Stores? At that time address matching the address millions of letters were mailed provided in Step 1. “Recent” out to consumers indicating is defined as no more than 60 what happened, and stating days old from the date of IDA, that all affected customers were Inc’s receipt of a written request. being provided with free credit 3. A copy of a SSN card. monitoring for a short period of time in order to prevent any 4. A copy of a birth certificate. fraud. This type of thing happens 5. A copy of a U.S. passport often when banks are hacked. (picture page only). But now it will be good news for 6. A copy of a voided consumer you because it gives you what check with an address matching you need to opt out of LexisNexis the address you provided in reporting altogether. If you’ve Step 1. ever received one of these notices you can provide that to 7. A copy of an Alien Registration LexisNexis in order to “opt-out”. Card. For more information on opting out, CoreLogic Credco visit http://www.lexisnexis.com/ (877) 532-8778 privacy/for-consumers/opt-out-of- https://www.credco.com/ lexisnexis.aspx consumer/security-freeze.aspx CoreLogic Credco, LLC You may also want to freeze several Consumer Relations Department of the other popular information Security Freeze Request brokers below, all who may be selling P.O. Box 509124 information about you. San Diego, CA 92150 Make sure to include the following INNOVIS necessary information: (800) 540-2505 1. First and last name https://www.innovis.com/ 2. Social security number personal/securityFreeze 3. Date of birth Innovis Consumer Assistance 4. Primary phone number PO Box 26 5. Address including ZIP code Pittsburgh, PA 15230-0026 Page 83Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics SageStream 2. Obtain a letter from Lexis Nexis (888) 395-0277 verifying your security freeze https://www.sagestreamllc.com/ and/or opt-opt. security-freeze 3. Send Part 2 Letter # 1 to the SageStream, LLC Consumer Office credit bureau(s) reporting the P. O. Box 503793 public record (bankrupcty, tax San Diego, CA 92150 lien or judgment) FAX (858) 312-6275 4. If any of the bureaus reply and ARS say they “verified” it, you can then (800) 392-8911 open up a dispute with the CFPB (no website) (Consumer Financial Protection 5005 Rockside Road, Suite 600 Bureau) and give them all of Independence, OH 44131 or fax: your evidence, including the 216-615-7642 letter from the court, as well as For additional companies and data evidence of your security freeze/ brokers you may want to freeze, visit optout. http://www.stopdatamining.me After completing the above 4 steps In summary: you have a VERY good chance that the item(s) will be removed. 1. Obtain a letter from the court explaining that they do not provide information to the credit bureaus Page 84Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics CoreLogic and LexisNexis We’ve talked a lot about LexisNexis, LexisNexis and also mentioned Credco. They are Consumer Center 2 additional credit bureaus that you Attn: Full File Disclosure can obtain reports from, and they sell P.O. Box 105108 your information to Equifax, Experian Atlanta, GA 30348-5108 and TransUnion. Chances are, you Once they have received your will be amazed at how long they completed File Disclosure Request have been following you, and more Form and verification documents, it importantly how much inaccurate will take them approximately 15 days information they have on you. So it is to process your request. important to not only implement the “freeze” method mentioned earlier, Disputing errors in your but to clean up these reports as well. LexisNexis Report They are both responsible for Review your report for any derogatory adhering to the laws of the FCRA just information and use our template like the other credit bureaus. Don’t from Part 2, Letter 1 to dispute each let them try to fool you otherwise. item. In fact here is a link to a class- Send the letters to: action settlement where LexisNexis allegedly attempted to skirt FCRA LexisNexis Consumer Center rules. P.O. Box 105108 Atlanta, GA, 30348 https://topclassactions.com/ lawsuit-settlements/lawsuit- Upon receipt of your dispute, news/40030-lexisnexis-pays-13- they have 30 days to conduct a 5m-fair-credit-reporting-class- reinvestigation of the information action-settlement disputed and to record the current status of the information on your Obtain Your Lexis-Nexis file or, in some instances, delete the Report information from your file. To get a copy of the information that Remember, they must adhere to LexisNexis has in your consumer file the same rules as the other credit with them, you will need to mail in a bureaus! request. Obtain Your CoreLogic First, you can download their Credco Consumer File form at: https://personalreports. lexisnexis.com. To obtain a copy of your CoreLogic Credco consumer file, you can call Mail your form and verification them at (877) 532-8778. documents to: Page 85Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics Or you can request a copy via mail sent to: CoreLogic Credco, LLC P.O. Box 509124 San Diego, CA 92150 Disputing errors in your CoreLogic Credco Consumer File Just like a credit report from the big three, Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion, CoreLogic Credco can contain errors. If you believe that something is wrong in your consumer file, then you can notify them just like you would the other credit bureaus, by starting with Part 2, Letter 1. Their address is: CoreLogic Credco, LLC Consumer Relations Department Consumer Disputes P.O. Box 509124 San Diego, CA 92150 Once they receive this information, they will reinvestigate the disputed information, update your consumer file if their investigation determines that the information is incorrect, and send you the results, usually within 30 days. Page 86Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) Launched in July 2011 as a Everyone matters right now; both supervisory and regulatory agency lesser known and influential. This is of the United States government, the great news for us. CPFB is responsible for protecting According to the CFPB website, the consumer in the financial “they are the government agencies sector. Technically, it protects every charged with ensuring that banks, American and non-American using lenders and financial institutions or relying on financial products and treat consumers fairly.” In its simplest services. This is a good thing. form, the CFPB is empowered To many of us, the CFPB is still much to make rules guiding how credit of an unknown entity. Many questions agencies operate. The Fair Credit still fly about as to what they do, Reporting Act (FCRA) says that where they derive their power, and the credit reporting agencies are who controls the watchmen. If we required to do a “reinvestigation” if can draw precedence from history, the accuracy of credit report data is in the CFPB will, in the long run, be a dispute. But the Act did not spell out best friend to the financial sector and the modalities for the reinvestigation, a loyal friend to consumers alike. Hopefully, they will help us out with our credit reports along the way. The empowerment of the CFPB marks the first time a federal regulatory agency has supervisory powers over credit bureaus. Interestingly, the bureau’s hammer is not meant for just the big credit reporting agencies - Equifax, TransUnion, and Experian; the small ones are also subjected to their supervision. Around 30 companies, making up 94% of the industry are currently affected. Page 87Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics Filing a Complaint with the CFPB If you have sent out the sequence of letters as outlined in this book, and had a few accounts that seem to be “stubborn” to remove, and you are reluctant to file a small claims suit, there is another option that many of our members are finding success with. A CFPB complaint only takes a few minutes to submit, and many members have seen accounts removed in two weeks or less. Once you go to their website: http://www.consumerfinance.gov/ complaint you can look through other consumer’s complaints to get ideas of verbiage to use for your own complaint. which is where the CFPB will come The CFPB ordered TransUnion and in. Equifax to pay over $23 million in fines and restitution for deceiving Since the CFPB launched, consumers about the usefulness of consumers have benefited in credit scores. numerous ways: The CFPB went after Encore Capital The CFPB successfully went after Group (aka Midland Funding) and Discover, American Express, and Portfolio Recovery Associates for Capital One, recovering around $400 alleged violations of the Fair Debt million dollars for consumers. They Collection Practices Act and received also made the credit card companies a $79 million dollar settlement. pay fines and agree to stop offering add-on services to customers. Page 88Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics State Attorney General Complaints Another option, for some rare cases, Before you begin, you should is to file a complaint with your State’s understand that not every complaint Attorney General. The state attorney received by the Attorney General’s general in each of the 50 U.S. states office is going to have action taken and territories is the chief legal on it. Your complaint can be used for advisor to the state government and the basis of an investigation or legal the state’s chief law enforcement action against the company you are officer. complaining about. You can find out who your State Attorney General is, and how to contact them at: http://www.naag.org/naag/ attorneys-general/whos- my-ag.php #SMCWIN !! Page 89Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics The Better Business Bureau If you get stuck dealing with a Complaint Facts creditor, and you aren’t ready to The general turn around time for the take them to small claims court yet, BBB to close a complaint, is about some members have had success 30 days, although it can be less. If reporting the companies to the BBB. a company chooses to not respond What is the BBB? to the complaint, it will be reflected in their BBB Business Review and The Better Business Bureau (BBB) is impact their BBB rating. a group of private BBB organizations that promote a fair marketplace for Keep in mind, the BBB has no legal both businesses and consumers. power to force anyone to comply with The organization gathers information its complaint resolution process. The regarding reliability, fraud, and ethical only reason a company responds business practices and informs the to a Better Business Bureau is to public of scams and other business- maintain a good reliability report. related issues. Once the BBB reviews the complaint, Whether or not the creditor/collector and deems it within their guidelines, you are dealing with is accredited they will forward it to the creditor/ with the BBB, you can still file a collector within one to five business complaint with your local BBB. days. The creditor will have a set Page 90Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics amount of time to respond. The BBB Be sure to clearly spell out the will notify you of the response and resolution you want. For example: you’ll have another 10 days to make “RESOLUTION HERE” a rebuttal, or the case will then be Once you have all of that ready to go, closed. you can file your complaint by visiting How to File a Complaint www.bbb.org. From that home page, select “Contact” at the bottom You can file a complaint over of the screen. the phone or in writing, but the recommended way is to use the online complaint system. Gather up all your supporting documentation, including the letters you’ve sent and any responses from the creditor. Document what the issue is, in writing, outlining how you’ve tried to remedy the situation. Page 91Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics The Better Business Bureau On the new screen, select the link to “I want to file a complaint.” Page 92Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics The first screen of the complaint form asks you to verify the nature of your complaint. You will need to select the following option: Business product or service Answer the military service question and choose Next. Now you have to search for the company to make the complaint about. For this example we used Portfolio Recovery Collection Agency. The online complaint form has a search feature that lets you search for the company by using its full name or part of the name. You can also search by location, using the name of the city, state or zip code. Page 93Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics The Better Business Bureau You are required to identify the specific location for the business. If you cannot provide this information, you will have to find it or you will not be able to proceed with the online complaint form. Then choose: Start Your Complaint. Page 94Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics After you identify business and its location, you may be redirected to another screen. Your complaint will then be handled by the local or regional branch of the BBB where the business is located. You will need to proceed by answering the questions that are presented. You will be asked a few questions about your complaint, and receive some terms and conditions before you can move on. Answer and press Submit. Page 95Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics The Better Business Bureau Now you have to complete the next section of the online complaint form by providing your name, address, telephone number, and other contact information. If you leave any of the required information blank, you will not be allowed to proceed with filing your complaint. Page 96Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics Step 3 of the process will ask you to confirm the location of the business you are filing the complaint about. In Step 4, you will choose the category your complaint falls under. For this example we chose “Billing or Collection Issues”. Page 97Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics The Better Business Bureau The next section of the online complaint form provides you with a blank text areas to explain your complaint. You may write as much as necessary (up to the form limits posted) to explain your complaint. When completing this section of the online complaint form, remember that the text of your complaint will be posted on BBB websites. Therefore, you should not include any personally identifying information in the text that you write. Do not include names, telephone numbers or account numbers. Page 98Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics Remain professional and keep it brief. Provide only the relevant details. You do not need to repeat every single part of the transaction or any subsequent conversations. Focus on the relevant details of your dispute. You will have to choose your desired resolution category. When you are finished with filling out your complaint, press Submit. You will be redirected to a screen that contains all the information you have just submitted. Page 99Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics The Better Business Bureau You can click the link at the bottom of this screen that says “View the status of your complaint” in order to upload or add any additional information to the complaint. Wait for a response The BBB will process your complaint If the company submits a response, as soon as you submit it. Within two you will receive a copy of it. The business days, they will forward your company may agree with your complaint to the business that you complaint and consent to your have identified. The business will be requested remedy. Alternatively, the expected to reply with fourteen days. company may stand on its earlier If the BBB does not receive a reply decision. within that time, they will make a Summary: second request. Combining the power of the CFPB, When the company responds to the the Attorney General’s Office, and the BBB, you will then receive a copy of BBB can put pressure on a collection that response. If the company does agency, a creditor, or a credit bureau not respond, then the BBB will send to do the right thing! you a notice that no response was received. If the BBB does not receive a response within 30 days after the filing of your complaint, the complaint will be closed. Page 100Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics Other Types of Letters What To Do When A Deleted Credit Item Is Re-Inserted Congratulations! You’ve managed to remove negative items from your credit report! Your work is not done though. You must continually monitor your credit reports in case the company gets sneaky and re-inserts a negative item. When you challenged your derogatory/unsubstantiated/ inaccurate items, the creditors and/or credit bureaus had 30 days to complete their investigation pursuant to your dispute. Here is the exact law pertaining to If the item cannot be verified within this situation: 30 days then they would remove 15 U.S. Code § 1681i - FCRA 611 it because they are not allowed (a)(5)(B)(ii) to maintain information that is unverifiable. However, if the item Notice to consumer: is verified on day 31 or any day If any information that has been afterwards, the creditors can re- deleted from a consumer’s file report, and the credit bureau can pursuant to subparagraph (A) is reinsert the item in your credit reinserted in the file, the consumer reports. reporting agency shall notify the If a previously removed item is consumer of the reinsertion in reinserted, the Fair Credit Reporting writing not later than 5 business Act (FCRA) requires the credit days after the reinsertion or, if reporting agency to notify you no authorized by the consumer for later than five business days after that purpose, by any other means the date of reinsertion. This FCRA available to the agency. requirement is rarely followed. If you find a previously deleted item Additionally, the creditor who has been re-inserted without written reinserts the negative item must also notification, you could send the certify the information is correct. following letter: Page 101Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics 5 Day Reinsertion Letter Send to the credit bureau if an item is removed and later placed back on your credit report. Your Name Your Address Credit Bureau Name Credit Bureau Address Date RE: Social Security Number: 000-00-0000 To Whom It May Concern, On [insert date of original letter] I disputed an account reported by [insert name of collection agency, creditor or court] in the file you maintain under my Social Security number. I was informed on [insert date of deletion] that the item was deleted from my credit report. Now I have discovered that the item has been reinserted on my credit report. In accordance with the requirements of the FCRA section 611(a)(5)(B) (ii), you are required to notify me of the reinsertion in writing within 5 business days. (B)Requirements relating to reinsertion of previously deleted material (ii)Notice to consumer If any information that has been deleted from a consumer’s file pursuant to subparagraph (A) is reinserted in the file, the consumer reporting agency shall notify the consumer of the reinsertion in writing not later than 5 business days after the reinsertion or, if authorized by the consumer for that purpose, by any other means available to the agency. I received no such notification. This is a very serious violation of the FCRA, and I reserve the right to pursue legal action for your blatant disregard for the law. I hereby demand that you immediately delete the item from my credit report in order to avoid legal action. I am submitting this complaint separately to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Attorney General’s Office, and the BBB. Please govern yourself accordingly. Your Name (typed not signed) Your SSN Your Address Cc: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Cc: Attorney General’s Office Cc: Better Business Bureau Page 102Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics You can also initiate a complaint with Alternatively, you could also file a the Consumer Financial Protection small claims lawsuit against the Bureau. The complaint would be credit bureau for re-inserting the item against the credit bureau. They will without notice, in violation of the Fair not ignore an inquiry from the CFPB. Reporting Credit Act (FCRA) § 611 (15 U.S.C. § 1681I)(a)(5)(B)(ii). #SMCWIN !! Page 103Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics Goodwill Letter Sometimes you may have an open 2 late pays on the account that are account with a creditor that is mostly hurting you. on favorable terms. In that case you For that scenario we recommend a may not want to ruffle their feathers goodwill letter where you politely too much. But perhaps you have 1 or ask for forgiveness. Your Name Your Address Creditor Name Creditor Address Date RE: Account # (insert account number) To Whom It May Concern, I’m writing to you because I noticed that my most recent credit report contains a late payment reported on [insert date(s)] for my [insert company name] account. I want you to know that I understand, and have great respect for my financial obligations. Unfortunately, at the time of the incident mentioned above, I had [insert circumstance that caused you to miss a payment – hospital stay/injury/job loss/etc]. Aside from this unforeseen and unavoidable circumstance, you will see that I have an excellent payment record. In the near future, I am planning on applying for [insert something like a mortgage/auto loan/loan for my daughter’s wedding], and it has come to my attention that the missed payment on my credit reports could hurt my ability to qualify. In my heart, I know that the missed payment doesn’t reflect my creditworthiness and commitment to repaying my debts. I am humbly asking for you to give me a second chance by making a goodwill adjustment to remove the late payment on [insert date(s)] from my credit reports. As I understand it, you can do so in just a few minutes of your time. I would greatly appreciate it! Thank you for your consideration. Have a blessed day! Best, Your Name (typed not signed) Your Address Page 104Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics Incomplete/Missing Info Letter If you acknowledge that a negative quite the opposite: https://www. item is definitely yours, you can ftc.gov/policy/advisory-opinions/ always opt to challenge it in a advisory-opinion-darcy-06-30-00 different way, instead of just saying “In sum, it is our view that a CRA “not mine”. If that’s the case, you can that always scrambles or truncates send a version of the letter below to account (or social security) get it removed on a technicality, such numbers does not technically as missing or incomplete information. comply with Section 609 because One of our favorites is challenging an it does not provide “accurate” (and item based on an incorrect account perhaps not “clear”) disclosure of number, as some credit bureaus “all information” in the file.” report an account number something like this: Acct # 12345XXXXX They basically state that by not reporting the entire account number, It is said that they may be doing they are not reporting 100% accurate this for your privacy protection, but information as required by section the FTC opinion letter here says 609 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Your Name Send to the credit bureau to remove Your Address incomplete items (for example an incorrect acct Credit Bureau Name #, balance, incorrect or missing status) Credit Bureau Address Date RE: Social Security Number: 000-00-0000 To Whom It May Concern, I am writing to challenge the reporting and compliance on an account with [insert company name] that is being reported on my credit report with incorrect/missing info. More specifically, I am referencing the fact that you are reporting [insert condition such as “an incorrect high balance”, “an incorrect account number”, “an undated late pay”, “a missing field of [insert missing field here such as status]”, “the wrong account type”, “an incorrect credit limit”, “a late pay after account was closed”, “an inaccurate date of last activity”, “an inaccurate date of last update”, “a charge off listed as “open”, “a collection account with a limit”, “an inaccurate reporting date”]. Your improper procedures are highly damaging to my credit score. Please immediately delete this item. Your Name (printed or typed, not signed) SSN Address Cc: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Cc: Attorney General’s Office Cc: Better Business Bureau Page 105Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics Returned Mail Letter Sometimes you may mail a letter report anything they know to be false, to a creditor or collection agency, including addresses. In that case you using the address shown on your could send the following letter. credit report. If that mail comes back Send to the credit bureau to dispute returned as undeliverable, you may an item that came back as returned have grounds for removal. After all, mail when you contacted the creditor the credit bureau is not allowed to or collection agency. Your Name Your Address Credit Bureau Name Credit Bureau Address Date RE: Social Security Number: 000-00-0000 To Whom It May Concern, There is currently an inaccurate item being reported on my credit report from [insert company name]. I have contacted this company at the address listed on my credit report here: [insert address here] As you can see, I have enclosed a photocopy of my mail being returned from the post office due to an invalid address. Given that the furnisher has provided false information to you about me, and provided you with a false address, I demand that the item they are reporting be removed immediately. Your Name (printed or typed, not signed) SSN Address Cc: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Cc: Attorney General’s Office Cc: Better Business Bureau Alternative/Bizarre Letter letters to the credit bureaus and This final letter is a bizarre letter that noted which keywords and phrases just works many times. We have no resulted in the most removals. We reason to explain it other than it was have verified that this letter does provided to us by a mathematician indeed work very often. who wishes to remain anonymous. Can be used for most circumstances, He has sent over 45,000 dispute sent to the credit bureau – note that Page 106Chapter 3: Advanced Tactics Alternative/Bizarre Letter the misspellings and grammar errors automated systems not comprehend, are on purpose – this letter is highly therefore requiring a real employee effective at making the bureau’s to review (and hopefully remove) it. Your Name Your Address Credit Bureau Name Credit Bureau Address Date RE: Social Security Number: 000-00-0000 and account reported from [insert company name] with account # [insert account #] ALL REPORTED DATA MUST BE COMPLETE,CORRECT,AND PROV- EN IF CHALLENGED.I DO NOT GRANT YOU AUTHORITY TO RE- PORT VERSUS ME WITHOUT ADEQUATE COMLIANCE OF STATE AND FEDERAL LAWS BEING APPLICABLE THROUGHOUT. AS SUCH I DEMAND DELETION IMMEDIATELY OF YOUR DECLARED CLAIMS AGAINST ME.PER COMMON LAW,YOU ARE DEMANDED TO DEMONSTRATE THAT YOU CAN AND HAVE WILLINGNESS TO ABSOLUTELY VERIFY AND VALIDATE (OR JUST SAY “CERTIFI- CATE”) EVERY AND ONE EVEN EACH ANY AND OR ALL ALLE- GATIONS YET PHYSICALLY DEFICIENT OR UNPROVEN MINE, CHALLENGED OR NOT.NOTE THE UNLAWFULNESS AND VILE INFRINGEMENT CREATED POTENTIALLY VERSUS ME SHOULD YOU CONTINUE TO RETAIN REPORT RESTRUCTURE RESELL RE- TURN OR ELSE WISE EVERY AND ONE EVEN EACH ANY OR ALL DATA ,NOTATIONS ,DATES, BALANCES ,CALCULATIONS, AUDITS, ACCOUNTING RECORDS,REQUISITE 426-CHARACTER FORMAT FIELDED P6 STATEMENT(S), MANDATED 386 PARCELS OF CON- FIRMATION NECCESSARY TO REPORT A COLLECTION ACTIVITY AND OR DEBT ALLEGED, THE MINIMAL FIVE (5) PORTIONED PER- SONAL IDENTIFIERS, THE ALPHA-/ NUMERIC-/AND OR ALPHA- NUMERIC SOURCE CODE(S),AS WELL AS EVERY AND ONE EVEN ANY OR ALL LEGISTRATIONS,ACTS,ARTICLES,PARAGRAPHS,- STATEMENTS,REGULATIONS, OBLIGATIONS OR OTHERWISE REQUIRED,WHETHER MENTIONED OR NOT.ANNUL IN BRIEF TODAY EVEN RIGHT NOW AND DO SO THEREAFTER MINUS ANY RESULTANT PREJUDICES AND OR INJURIES TO ME, REAL OR IMAGINED, WITHAL. Your Name (printed or typed, not signed) Page 107Chapter 4: Lawsuits Chapter 4: Lawsuits None of this is legal advice! Always judgment as leverage to get removal. seek out a lawyer if you are looking Now the important thing is to not get for legal advice. (preferably one who nervous. You will not likely have to go specializes in FCRA or FDCPA law) to court. Most cases are settled well Alternatively check out LegalShield before the trial date, or through court for low cost legal advice: mandated mediation, where a court http://creditsecret.org/legalshield appointed mediator will try to get both sides to come to an amicable Small Claims Court resolution. If the credit bureaus, creditors or If you do find yourself required to collection agencies are not following appear, due to not settling prior, the law, not responding, not providing we recommend visiting your local legitimate proof, within the required courthouse to watch how other timeframes, harassing you, etc, and cases are handled. That way you will you are fed up with sending letters, be familiar with the procedures. you can opt to file a small claims lawsuit. One other advantage of small claims action is that the creditor/collection Keep in mind that most of the people agency or credit bureau is required reading this will never need to resort to come to you. Meaning they will to this. need to fly out to your location to But some members have found defend themselves. That could be a success with going down to their great expense for them. Given that local courthouse and filing a “Small small claims actions are not allowed Claims Lawsuit”. It typically costs to cover attorney fees, if they send a very little to file a small claims suit, legal team, even if they win the case, and it only takes a few minutes. you would not be liable to pay their attorney fees. The cost to file depends on how much you are suing for. FCRA rules To find the small claims court nearest allow for up to $1,000 per violation. you, simply do a Google search for “small claims court” in your city or However, it has always been our state and follow the directions, as belief that the amount is irrelevant each state is different. Sometimes because the goal is not to win money they charge you a higher filing fee, - the goal is to win removal of the depending on how much you are negative/unverifiable/inaccurate suing for. So you may want to just item. do the minimum, since the goal is So you could always sue for a small not to win any money, it’s to get your amount, because even if you win derogatory/unfair/inaccurate items $100, you will likely win removal removed. as well. And if not, you can use the Page 108Chapter 4: Lawsuits Examples of What You Could Potentially File Suit For and Against Whom Who Reason Law Fine Creditors, if they Defamation, financial US Court of Appeals, Extent of damages report your credit injury Ninth Circuit, No. 00- incurred by the history inaccurately. 15946, Nelson vs. wronged party as Chase Manhattan deemed by the courts. Creditors, if you Protection under the FCRA Section 623 $1,000 dispute a debt, and FCRA they fail to report it as disputed to the credit bureaus. Creditors, if they Injury to your credit FCRA Section $1,000 pull your credit file report and credit 604(A)(3) without permissible score purpose. Credit bureaus, if Defamation, willful FCRA Section 623 Extent of damages they refuse to correct injury incurred by the CUSHMAN, v. information after wronged party, as TRANS UNION being provided proof deemed by the CORPORATION US of inaccuracy. courts. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit Court Case 115 F.3d 220 June 9, 1997, Filed (D.C. No. 95-cv- 01743). Credit bureaus, Consumer protection FCRA Part (A)(5)(B) $1,000 if they reinsert a afforded by the (ii) deleted item from FCRA your credit report without notifying you in writing within 5 business days. Credit bureaus, if Consumer protection FCRA Section 611 $1,000 they fail to respond to afforded by the Part (A)(1) your written disputes FCRA within 30 days (a 15 day extension may be granted if they receive information from the creditor within the first 30 days). Page 109Chapter 4: Lawsuits Examples Continued Who Reason Law Fine Creditors, collection Consumer protection FCRA Section 605(c) $1,000 agencies, or credit afforded by the bureaus, if they “Re- FCRA Age” your account by reporting the date of last activity instead of the date of first delinquency. Collection agency, if Protection under the FDCPA Section $1,000 they fail to report a FDCPA 807(8) disputed debt to the credit bureaus. Collection Agency, if Consumer protection FDCPA Section $1,000 they do not validate afforded by the 809(b), FTC opinion your debt yet FDCPA letter Cass from continue to pursue LeFevre . collection activity by filing for a judgment. Collection Agency, if Consumer protection FDCPA Section $1,000 you have sent them afforded by the 805(c) a cease and desist FDCPA letter and they still call you. Collection Agency, Consumer protection FDCPA Section $1,000 if they have not afforded by the 809(b) FTC opinion validated your FDCPA letter Cass from debt and they still LeFevre continue to report to the credit bureaus. Collection Agency, if Consumer protection FDCPA Section $1,000 they call you after 9 afforded by the 805(a)(1) PM at night or before FDCPA 8 AM. Collection Agency, Consumer protection FDCPA Section $1,000 if they call you at afforded by the 805(a)(3) work when you have FDCPA advised them that you do not want these calls. Page 110Chapter 4: Lawsuits Examples Continued Who Reason Law Fine Collection Agency, Consumer protection FDCPA Section $1,000 if they call any third afforded by the 805(b) party about your FDCPA debt such as friends, neighbors, relatives. Collection agency, Consumer protection FDCPA Section 806 $1,000 if they use any kind afforded by the of harassment or FDCPA abuse. Collector cannot Consumer protection FDCPA Section 807 $1,000 claim to seize afforded by the property or have you FDCPA arrested. Collector must be in Consumer protection FDCPA Section $1,000 the county in which afforded by the 811(a)(2) you lived when you FDCPA signed the original contract for the debt or where you live at the time when they file the lawsuit. Page 111Chapter 4: Lawsuits Tips During Court Bring a 3 ring binder of proof - all Here are some examples of things examples of where you believe the that could conceivably happen in a defendant violated your rights. Use a small claims courtroom: highlighter on the main points. This Example Scenarios may include letters you sent, their replies, copies of your credit reports, Defendant: “Your honor, here is a bill and anything dated like a certified (or other document) that shows the mail receipt. plaintiff did not pay X amount.” Print out and highlight the sections of Answer: “Objection: no foundation” the FCRA or FDCPA that you believe - this means you haven’t established they violated. the authenticity or accuracy of a piece of evidence. The judge may ask to review your evidence, and may even keep your Defendant: “Your honor, mr./mrs. X binder for a few days to arrive at opened an account with X company a decision later once they have on X date.” brushed up on the specific laws you Answer: “Objection” - “Was the are claiming - make it easy for them! defendant/attorney personally Include a summary of bullet points present when the alleged account that you can refer to, with the top was opened on X date? How does points you’d like to get across. he/she have firsthand knowledge? Do NOT get emotional or waste If they weren’t there then this is anyone’s time. Simply state the facts. hearsay.” If the other side doesn’t show up, Defendant: presents the court with the judge may still ask to hear your a document and says “Is this your evidence. If they do, make sure that signature?” you ask for a default judgment! Some Answer: “Let the record show I am judges won’t issue it unless you ask looking at what appears to be an for it. 8.5 by 11 inch piece of white paper If you can prove damages, you with what appears to be some sort will typically be in a better position. of photocopy on it. Based on the Examples of damages may be: way you asked the question, and if denial of credit, being forced to pay I understand you correctly, I would higher interest rates, etc. Also, as in have to say no - I have never seen many example cases you will find this piece of paper or photocopy later in this chapter, mental anguish before, so I cannot determine with and humiliation can be considered absolute certainty whether or not the as actual damages. document is authentic or if that is my signature.” Page 112Chapter 4: Lawsuits Mediation Some states require or recommend mediation prior to actually hearing a case - keep in mind that the mediator may know the defendant’s attorney personally, and it may not be in your best interests to give up if they tell you that you “don’t have a case”. Giving up during or after mediation is completely up to Some debt collectors are notorious you, but it is a guaranteed loss rather for filing dozens of cases every day than learning from the meeting and against people they want to collect being better prepared for the actual from, knowing that most won’t show court date. up. A no-show can turn into a default What to do if YOU Are Sued judgment, and a judgment can turn into wage garnishment and all sorts Whether you have been served with of issues. a lawsuit or you will in the future, the most important thing to remember Here is a great article from a law firm is - ANSWER IT. in New Jersey about the DO’s and DON’Ts of getting sued, especially Member Stories Here is what one of our successful members mentioned about his own court date when he was sued: Page 113Chapter 4: Lawsuits as it relates to collections: http://yournjattorneys. com/pressler-and- pressler-lawsuit-dos-and- donts (we are not affiliated with this company) Another great article about being sued can be found here: underlying debt is valid. An FDCPA https://toughnickel.com/ claim concerns the method of personal-finance/You-Can-Beat- collecting the debt. It does not arise Credit-Card-Debt-Collectors out of the transaction creating the Here are a few interesting stories debt [.] Azar, 874 F. Supp. at 1318. regarding big collection agencies Footnote: See 15 U.S.C. § 1692k such as Midland Funding and (governing civil liability under the Portfolio Associates: Act). http://www.dailykos.com/ Cushman v. Trans Union Corp., story/2010/4/5/854290 - woman 920 F. Supp. 80 (E.D. Pa. 1996) or sues debt collector and wins $8.1 Cushman v. Trans Union Corp., 115 million F.3d 220 (3d Cir. 1997) - TransUnion http://blog.credit.com/2015/09/2- found liable. of-americas-largest-debt- Richardson v. Fleet Bank of collectors-will-refund-60-million- Massachusetts – the court held to-consumers-125132 - federal that the Fleet Bank failed to follow regulators force 2 debt collectors to reasonable procedures by relying refund $60 million on creditors for accurate credit And here are some cases you may information because the company want to review using Google (some had reason to know of the dispute of these might be helpful to have in between the consumer and the your binder if you go to court) - you company. can always Google “FCRA cases” or Bryant v. TRW – the Defendant FDCPA cases” to get an expanded consumer reporting agency list of recent important cases as well. unsuccessfully argued that, under §607(b) of the FCRA, 15 U.S.C. Liability §1681 et seq., it was not liable as Spears/Brennan Appeal from the a matter of law, for reports it issued Marion Superior Court - The judge in good faith, and as a result of ruled the following: “As discussed inaccurate information provided previously, an FDCPA claim has to it by Plaintiff’s creditors. The nothing to do with whether the court held that Defendant was not Page 114Chapter 4: Lawsuits free from liability when the credit reports at issue was not accurate. Once inaccuracy was determined, defendant’s agency procedures were determined to be not reasonable to ensure maximum possible accuracy, pursuant to §§607(b). Damages In Bryant v. TRW, Inc., 487 F.Supp. 1234, 1242-43 (E.D.Mich.1980), the district court awarded a consumer $8,000 for anguish resulting from denials of a mortgage due to inaccurate credit reports. The Sixth Circuit affirmed. 689 F.2d 72 (6th Cir.1982). Fischl v. General Motors Acceptance Corp., 708 F.2d 143, 151 (5th resulting from three credit denials Cir.1983). – Actual damages include and from lengthy dealings with the humiliation or mental distress, even if credit bureau. the consumer has suffered no out-of- Thompson v. San Antonio Retail pocket losses. Merchants Ass’n, 682 F.2d 509, In Pinner, 805 F.2d at 1265, the 513-14 (5th Cir.1982). – The consumer was awarded $25,000 consumer received $10,000 because for mental distress because of the of humiliation and embarrassment humiliation and embarrassment suffered from three denials of credit Page 115Chapter 4: Lawsuits and from the fact that the credit bureau took several months to correct the credit report’s inaccuracies. In Collins v. Retail Credit Co., 410 F.Supp. 924, 936 (E.D.Mich.1976), the court awarded a consumer $21,750 for embarrassment and humiliation. In Morris v. Credit Bureau of Cincinnati, Inc., 563 F.Supp. 962, 969 (S.D.Ohio 1983), the consumer was awarded $10,000 for anguish and embarrassment even though, after he was denied credit, he explained the inaccuracies In Millstone v. O’Hanlon Reports, on his credit report and subsequently Inc., 528 F.2d 829, 834-35 (8th obtained credit. Cir.1976), the Eighth Circuit upheld an award of $2,500 for mental anguish after an insurer canceled the consumer’s policy because of an inaccurate credit report. Page 116Chapter 4: Lawsuits Finding a Registered Agent A registered agent is a responsible the business name in the box third-party who is registered in the provided. You may have to start with same state in which a business a small portion of the name in order entity was established. A registered to drill down to the exact business agent is also the person who will receive service of When filing suit against a credit bureau, process notices, notice of some folks have reported success by lawsuits, correspondence sending a copy of the lawsuit directly from the Secretary of to a high-up person at the related State, and other official credit bureau, as well as the Consumer government notifications. Financial Protection Bureau. Sometimes these terms: registered agents, statutory CC: agents, resident agents, Anthony Alexis service of process agents, Assistant Director of Enforcement and corporate agents are Consumer Financial Protection Bureau all used to designate the 1700 G. Street NW same thing. Washington, D.C. 2055 The bottom line is that a registered agent exists Equifax Corporation to be available during Julie Shirley certain business hours to SVP and Deputy General Counsel accept service of process Office of the General Counsel on behalf of a corporate 1550 Peachtree St entity, the first procedural NE Atlanta, GA 30309 step for filing a lawsuit. This is the address you will Daniel Halvorsen use to serve the creditor, TransUnion Corp. collection agency, or credit Sr. Attorney GROUP General Counsel bureau that you are suing Office of the General Counsel in small claims court. 555 W. Adams Street Chicago IL 60661 You can look up any registered agent of any Experian North America corporate entity by doing Ann Sterling a business name search Vice President and Assistant General online or by using a site Counsel such as http://www. Office of the Corporate Counsel registeredagentinfo.com 475 Anton Blvd. Choose which state you Costa Mesa, CA 92626 reside in, and then search Page 117Chapter 4: Lawsuits best advised to get an attorney. You can do a search online for “FCRA attorney” or “FDCPA attorney” plus the name of your state, in order to find someone who can help you. Many of those types of lawyers do not charge a fee unless they win or get the other side to settle. Or you can go to http:// www.creditsecret.org/ legalshield You should have a good entity. For example, Transunion’s opportunity to file locally based on exact business name is “TRANS the Fair Debt Collection Practices UNION LLC” so sometimes it is trial Improvement Act of 1999: Most and error to get the correct registered courts have held that FDCPA litigation agent. is appropriately filed within the Once you find the registered agent district where the consumer received you will send a certified letter to that the communication. Officers and registered agent at their registered managers of the debt collector who office address, or hire a process server to hand deliver your notice or complaint to them. Now keep in mind that sometimes you may not be able to find their registered agent, and the defendant may not have a location in your state. A handful of small claims courts may not allow you to sue without that information. In that unlikely event, you may need to consider filing in district court, and for that you would be Page 118Chapter 4: Lawsuits have control over the procedures complained of may also be sued there. Filing in the district where the letter was received has been upheld even where the debt collector’s letter had been forwarded to a district in which it did not do business. Another tactic we’ve seen occasionally is that a defendant may try to get your lawsuit moved from small claims court over to federal court if a search online for “debt collection you are suing based laws in my state” or “credit reporting on the FCRA or FDCPA which are laws in my state”, and add those to both federal laws. In that event, you your complaint if you desire. You can may want to edit your suit, or just be either do it when you file, or amend prepared in advance, by additionally your suit later if the defendant tries to suing for a “state” law that is very move it to federal court. Just keep in similar to the federal law. Each state mind that this is a rare occurrence. has its own laws that are very similar to the FCRA and FDCPA. You can do Member Stories Here is another way one of our members kept a lawsuit in his local court: Page 119Chapter 5: ChexSystems ChexSystems Removals ChexSystems is the “credit store. ChexSystems is a consumer bureau” for checking accounts. Most reporting agency (CRA) that tracks people typically never hear about your checking and savings account ChexSystems until they’ve been activity. About 80 percent of all denied a new bank account or they financial institutions across the United aren’t allowed to write a check at the States use ChexSystems data for See the table below for a summary of the information that banks and merchants report to ChexSystems, and how long it remains on your report. Activity Description When It’s Deleted Bank closes your account usually “for cause” (e.g., Involuntary Account Closure writing too many bad checks or fraud) Bounced Checks and/or Usually for multiple instances Overdrafts Usually for outstanding Unpaid Negative Balances overdraft/nonsufficient funds (NSF) fees or other charges After 5 years (unless you successfully dispute For risky or dishonest the listing or the bank or behavior (e.g., depositing ChexSystems deletes the Savings Account, Debit empty envelopes at ATM or listing sooner) Card or ATM Abuse frequently exceeding transfer limit) Outstanding Checks Checks issued or sent to a in SCAN Database of collection agency; returned Returned Checks & or fraudulent checks Instances of Fraud For altering checks or Suspected Fraud or Identity providing false information Theft on an application Initiated by you, a bank, an After 90 days or no more Inquiries employer, a creditor, or other than 3 years if initiated by “permitted” party you; otherwise after 5 years Lost Checks & Debit Cards Check-Ordering History After 5 years (except check- from Past 3 Years Routine reporting (not ordering and application histories and unless you Number of Accounts Applied necessarily negative successfully dispute the for in Past 90 Days information but can indicate listing or the bank or possible fraud) Social Security Number/ ChexSystems deletes the Driver’s License Validation listing sooner) and/or Verification Page 120Chapter 5: ChexSystems screening your applications. Others use a similar service called TeleCheck. If your application for a checking account gets rejected, it means there is a negative record on your checking account history. Are You In ChexSystems? ChexSystems maintains a database of individuals who have written some bad checks, have overdrafted their account for too long, etc. Once you get on their ChexSystems can be considered the list, you won’t be able to open a “creditor”, and ChexSystems can be checking account at most banks in considered the “credit bureau”. the United States. How To Get A Copy Of Your To make matter worse, there ChexSystems Report is no standard definition as to what constitutes “fraud” or “account Under the Fair Credit Reporting abuse,” according to the National Act (FCRA), you are entitled to a free Consumer Law Center. ChexSystems copy of your report once every 12 won’t distinguish whether you were months or if you’ve been rejected by the victim or the perpetrator if there a bank in the past 60 days. is a “suspected fraud” mark on your report. Correcting Errors In ChexSystems Did you know? If you believe ChexSystems must adhere to the FCRA - just you have erroneous, like the other credit bureaus. Therefore similar unverifiable, or unfair letters can be used - i.e. P1L1 to the bank information in your itself, and P2L1 to ChexSystems ChexSystem record, you can follow the very same steps as in chapter 2. When preparing your letters, the bank that reported you to Page 121Chapter 5: ChexSystems ChexSystems Continued Method Requirement Contact Info Complete an Online Request Form Online https://www.consumerdebit.com/ consumerdebit.com (Report Only) consumerinfo/us/en/chexsystems/report/ index.htm By Phone Follow the instructions of the 800-428-9623 (Report Only) automated system Print and complete an Order Form By Fax https://www.consumerdebit.com/ 602-659-2197 (Report Only) consumerinfo/us/en/Printable%20Order%20 Form.pdf For Report: Print and complete an Order Form https://www.consumerdebit.com/ consumerinfo/us/en/Printable%20Order%20 ChexSystems, Inc. Form.pdf Attn: Consumer By Mail For Score: Print and complete a Relations (Report or Score Order Form 7805 Hudson Rd., Score) Ste. 100 https://www.consumerdebit.com/ Woodbury, MN consumerinfo/us/en/chexsystems/disclosure/ InquiryForm.pdf 55125 Enclose a check/money order for $10.50 made payable to ChexSystems, Inc. Pro Tip: Check Your Information! You have the right to dispute any information contained in your consumer file at ChexSystems. Page 122Chapter 5: ChexSystems ChexSystems must adhere to the Keep a copy for your files and send FCRA - just like the other credit the letter registered mail. bureaus. Therefore similar letters can be used - i.e. P1L1 to the bank itself, and P2L1 to ChexSystems Your Name Your Address City, State Zip ChexSystems Customer Relations 7805 Hudson Road, Suite 100 Woodbury, MN 55125 RE: Your SSN Date: To Whom It May Concern: My bank has informed me that there is negative infor- mation reported by [insert name of bank] included in the file ChexSystems maintains under my Social Security Number. Upon ordering a copy of the report, I see an entry from this bank listing [insert reason for denial and date]. Please validate this information with [insert name of bank] and provide me with copies of any documentation asso- ciated with [insert reason for denial]. In the absence of any such documentation bearing my signature, I ask that this information be immediately deleted from the file you maintain under my Social Security Number. Sincerely, Your Signature Your Name Page 123Chapter 6: Student Loans, Repossessions, and HIPAA Dealing with Student Loans If you defaulted on your student loans, you should also know that there is not a statute of limitations on student loan debt. Your loan company can keep trying to collect forever. Bankruptcy does not erase student loans either. Many of our members have been successful with removing student loans from their credit report, that are reporting negatively. For this you would use Part 2 Letter 1 in Chapter 2 Depending on your circumstances, you might be able to get your payments deferred, get a forbearance agreement from your lender, consolidate your loans, or work your way through a process called loan rehabilitation. Deferment Deferment/ Forbearance With deferment, as with forbearance, interest will continue to accrue during Both deferment and forbearance the time frame that you suspend your provide temporary relief, letting payments. you suspend your payments for a specified period of time. They are not However, if you defer a federally the same and if you decide to go this subsidized student loan (a Federal route you will prefer deferment if you Perkins Loan, a Direct Subsidized qualify. Loan, or a Subsidized Federal Stafford Loan), then the government pays the interest during this time Page 124Chapter 6: Student Loans, Repossessions, and HIPAA period and it is not added back to the principal later on. This is why you want deferment for these types of loans. Forbearance If you don’t qualify for a deferment (you’re not enrolled at an accredited school or unemployed) you still might be able to suspend your payments for a period of time by applying to your lender for forbearance. Under some circumstances, your lender will be required to grant forbearance: • You’re in a medical or dental school If you don’t meet one or more of residency program, these conditions, you still might be • Monthly student loan payments able to get a forbearance; but your total more than 20% of your lender will have some discretion to gross monthly income, say no, or to agree to suspend only a • You are involved in national or part of your monthly payment. community service, The main thing to remember about • You’re teaching in a qualifying forbearance is that unlike deferment, education program you are responsible for interest during the payment suspension period. This • You’re in the National Guard interest can either be paid during and you’ve been called up. forbearance, or it gets added onto the principal, not only increasing Page 125Chapter 6: Student Loans, Repossessions, and HIPAA Student Loans Continued your balance, but also the length of time it will take to pay off your loans. If you want to learn more about both of these situations, visit this link: http://studentaid. ed.gov/repay- loans/deferment- forbearance. Consolidation This is a great option if you have more than one student loan, and the combined total of all your monthly payments is more than you can handle. 2. You might be able to Advantages to extend the repayment consolidating period, resulting in a lower monthly payment. 1. You’ll have a single monthly payment that is lower than the 3. You might be able to total of the payments you’re lock down a single, fixed making now. rate if you are not in one already. Pro Tip: Do You Qualify 4. Flexible repayment for Loan Forgiveness? plans are available. 5. Most types of student There are certain situations loan are eligible, where you can have your federal both subsidized and student loan forgiven, canceled, unsubsidized. or discharged. Find out whether you qualify due to your job, disability, the closure of your school, or other circumstances. Visit: https://studentaid.ed.gov/sa/repay- loans/forgiveness-cancellation Page 126Chapter 6: Student Loans, Repossessions, and HIPAA Vehicle Repossession Make sure you have copies of all the documents related to your vehicle’s purchase, as well as any repossession notices. This includes (but is not limited to): • The original retail installment sales contract; • All documents provided by the dealer and lender; • All correspondence from the dealer and lender, including envelopes; • All documents relating to car repairs; • All inspection documents; and • All payments on the car loan. You may need these one payment on a car loan cannot documents in the case of any legal be subject to a lender’s self-help claims you could potentially establish repossession. against the car dealer and the lender, or to defend yourself against their When the lender repossesses your possible lawsuits. car, it must do so without breaching the peace. When courts review Please remember: a lender does a repossession to determine if a not have to warn you before taking breach of peace occurred, they your car. If they do this, without will look at whether the owner was going to court, it’s called self-help present, whether the repo company repossession. entered the home or garage without Note: The only exception is for the permission of the owner, and cars owned by active duty service whether the repo company used force members. Active duty service or the threat of violence to repossess members who have made at least the car. It is generally illegal if the Page 127Chapter 6: Student Loans, Repossessions, and HIPAA lender repossessed the car while The lender must send you this notice it was parked in a locked garage. at least 10 days before the proposed If the court decides that the lender sale of the car. The timing may be breached the peace, the lender and/ different in some states. This gives or the repossession company will be you a reasonable amount of time liable for damages caused by the to get your car back. This usually wrongful repossession. means paying off the loan in full plus the lender’s repossession costs. What does the lender The notice will contain information have to do after the car is as to where you can get the exact repossessed? payoff number it will take to get After repossession, the lender must your vehicle back. The notice must provide two written notices. be accurate about everything to do with your vehicle and the loan, and First Notice: Redemption in most jurisdictions, it is required to This notice must be provided to the state whether the sale will be open owner of the car and all co-buyers or to the public or private, and where it co-signers. It states that the lender will be. has the car in its possession and that If a creditor fails to send the you proper the car will be sold to recover the notice of the sale, then it is possible amount owed. This Notice of Sale that a court will bar the debtor from may be the first written notice from collecting on a deficiency judgement, your creditor after they repossess even if you know about the sale from the vehicle, if you waived your right an outside source. In some cases, to notice of acceleration or if your the courts could force the creditor state does not have a “right to cure” to pay you penalties because of an law. If you do not take action to inadequate selling price. recover your vehicle back before it is sold, then you will not be able to get Your right to redeem, or get your car it back. back, lasts until the car is resold. The Page 128Chapter 6: Student Loans, Repossessions, and HIPAA letter will also state where and when you owe the lender. the car will be sold, and if it is open For example, in New Jersey, your to the public or is a private sale. If claim against the lender will be that you want, you could attention the The Uniform Commercial Code, auction and bid on your own car. In N.J.S.A. 12A: 9-610(b), whereas some instances, re-purchasing the the lender is not entitled to all of the vehicle this way could be cheaper. money it seeks because the sale Also, even though you still owe the was not commercially reasonable lender money, which they can pursue and, as a result, the sale price was via other legal means, they cannot unreasonably low. If your claim is threaten repossession any more. successful, the court will award Second Notice: Deficiency damages, under N.J.S.A. 12A:9- 625, which will reduce or eliminate After your car is sold, the lender is the amount you owe. then required to send out a second notice, stating the amount that the Each state is different and you will lender credited you from the resale, need to research the exact code to as well as a cancellation notice use. of the original sales contract. The Another way to reduce the amount majority of the time, cars are sold at due is to challenge the accuracy of wholesale auctions, at a much lower this second notice because it may price than fair market value. If you state that you owe more than you are feel a lender did this when reselling your vehicle, you might Did you know? be able to use that to defend the “deficiency Sometimes, filing for bankruptcy can prevent action” that they will repossession? While the bankruptcy is pending, file against you to you can even pay off the car in full or catch up with recoup the difference any past-due payments. in the sales price of the vehicle, and what Page 129Chapter 6: Student Loans, Repossessions, and HIPAA supposed to. If you had any kind of Car Dealer and Lender Must gap insurance, or a service contract Follow Certain Laws factored into the original purchase, These laws include: those amounts should have been deducted from the amount that the • Uniform Commercial Code lender states you owe. • Retail Installment Sales Act • Truth in Lending Act Filing For Bankruptcy Can • Consumer Fraud Act Prevent Repossession If these laws are not followed, you In general, if you file for bankruptcy, may have legal claims and defenses and if you qualify for an automatic against the lender. Also, you may stay, then creditors have to stop all have claims against the dealer and collection efforts. This also means the repo company. that the lender cannot repossess But let’s assume the reason you’re your car unless the bankruptcy court here is to get a repo off of your credit permits it. While the bankruptcy is report, instead of learning the vast pending, you can even pay off the laws about repo’s. In that case, here car in full or catch up with any past- are some letters that could help you. due payments. Page 130Chapter 6: Student Loans, Repossessions, and HIPAA Repo Letter 1 Send to Collection Agency, Original Creditor, and Car Dealership. Your Name Your Address Collection Agency Name & Address Original Creditor Name & Address Car Dealer Name & Address Date RE: VIN # [insert vin # here] To Whom It May Concern, This letter is a formal statement notifying the above parties that the accounts under VIN # [insert VIN # here] are disputed. The vehicle in question was purchased on or about [insert date], financed by [insert company], repossessed in the state of [insert state], and sold by [insert insert company/creditor] on or about [insert date]. Under the laws of [insert state] and UCC § 9.506 as well as State RISA and MVISA statutes, a deficiency can not be claimed unless all of the required notices were properly and timely given, and all of the allowable redemption and cure time limits were adhered to. I demand proof that the repossession of the subject vehicle was legal in accordance with the following UCC: • § 9-506. EFFECT OF ERRORS OR OMISSIONS. • § 9-611. NOTIFICATION BEFORE DISPOSITION OF COLLATERAL • § 9-612. TIMELINESS OF NOTIFICATION BEFORE DISPOSITION OF COLLATERAL. • § 9-613. CONTENTS AND FORM OF NOTIFICATION BEFORE DISPOSITION OF COLLATERAL You are required to provide me with copies of the legal notices and proof of the commercially reasonable manner of the notification and resale of the subject vehicle. If no such proof is provided within 15 days from receipt of this certified mail notice, the alleged claim of a deficiency will be considered null and void, and any continued collection activities, or continued reporting of this invalid claim on my credit reports will be considered a violation of the FDCPA and FCRA. In addition, if you singularly or severally fail to comply with the above (Letter continued on next page) Page 131Chapter 6: Student Loans, Repossessions, and HIPAA (Repo Letter 1 continued) requests, I reserve the right to seek damages against all parties, under all available State and Federal statutes and including but not limited to UCC § 9-625 remedies. Furthermore, you are hereby notified that at no point in time and under no circumstances is your company; an employee of your company; a representative for your company or affiliates are to contact me or any family members by any means other than the US mail system. Your Name (printed or typed, not signed) SSN Address Cc: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Cc: Attorney General’s Office Cc: Better Business Bureau #SMCWIN !! Page 132Chapter 6: Student Loans, Repossessions, and HIPAA Repo Letter 2 Send to Credit Bureaus after 15 days of sending Repo Letter 1. Your Name Your Address Credit Bureau Name Credit Bureau Address Date RE: SSN # [insert SSN # here] This letter is in reference to the account listed on my credit report by [insert company name] under account # [insert acct #]. This account is being illegally reported on my credit report. I formally disputed it directly with [insert company name] in regards to their illegal reporting, and have not received any satisfactory reply. Therefore, I am now formally disputing directly with you. Furthermore, if at any time during your investigation the above account is verified by [insert company name] I am requesting your method of verification pursuant to the FCRA, including the name of the person with whom you spoke, who has firsthand knowledge of the account in question. I am maintaining a careful record of my communications with you for the purpose of filing a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Attorney General’s office, should you continue reporting this erroneous item. Your Name (printed or typed, not signed) P.S. Please be aware that dependent upon your response, I may be detailing any potential issues with your company via an online public press release. Cc: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Cc: Attorney General’s Office Cc: Better Business Bureau Page 133Chapter 6: Student Loans, Repossessions, and HIPAA HIPAA & Medical Collections Do you have a collection agency b) They have no copy of a signed harassing you about a medical bill? contract where you allegedly If so, what can sometimes happen, agreed to pay the charges is you may send them Part 1, Letter c) The medical bill reveals personal 1 from Chapter 2 of this book, and medical information about you in return they send you a copy of a medical bill that they claim is yours. While A or B are usually enough to give you the leverage you need to Typically the following also happens: make them go away, C is the big one a) They show no proof that they because it may put them in violation of have an agreement with the HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability original creditor to collect this and Accountability Act of 1996). alleged debt Privacy rules prohibit disclosing an individual’s protected health information unless you specifically authorized them to. So if the doctor or hospital shared anything on the bill that alludes to your condition or what you may have been treated for, they may have just broken privacy rules. This gives you LEVERAGE. And that leverage makes you a problem for both the collection agency and the hospital/doctor. Usually it is a problem that they will all want to go away quickly, so that they can go after others who are not aware of these laws. Here are some letters that could help with medical collections. Page 134Chapter 6: Student Loans, Repossessions, and HIPAA Letter To Original Health Care Provider Your Name Address City, State, Zip SSN HIPAA Compliance Office Health care provider creditor Address Date Dear Sir/Madam; This letter is in reference to [account #] for services provided to [name of patient] on [date of service]. In regard to the bill on this account in the amount of $________: Please be advised that under Federal Statutes, The Fair Credit Reporting Act, (15 U.S.C. § 1681 et seq) and [name of your State]’s Consumer Credit Statutes, and subtitle D of the ARRA ,SEC. 13401. APPLICATION OF SECURITY PROVISIONS AND PENALTIES TO BUSINESS ASSOCIATES OF COVERED ENTITIES; and SEC. 13407(1) BREACH OF SECURITY. The term ‘‘breach of security’’ means, with respect to unsecured PHR identifiable health information of an individual in a personal health record, acquisition of such information without the authorization of the individual. You may be held liable for the actions of [collection agency name]. Please note that the these liabilities are under the penalty rules of the Omnibus Final Rule effective 09/23/2013 interpreting and implementing various provisions of the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (HITECH Act) as issued 11/30/2009 (a) Duty of furnishers of information to provide accurate information. (1) Prohibition. (A) Reporting information with actual knowledge of errors. HIPAA and [name of your State]’s Medical Privacy Statutes and the penalty provisions of the ARRA section D, privacy provisions ,the penalty rules of the HITECH Act as issued 11/30/2009 and the Omnibus Final Rule effective 09/23/2013 and the FACT Act final rules effective July 1, 2010 are in effect in this situation. The Privacy Rules prohibits a covered entity from using or disclosing an individual’s protected health information (“PHI”) unless specifically (Letter continued on next page) Page 135Chapter 6: Student Loans, Repossessions, and HIPAA (Letter to original healthcare provider continued) authorized by the individual or otherwise allowed under the Privacy Rules. In general, PHI encompasses substantially all “individually identifiable health information” that is transmitted or maintained in any medium. “Individually identifiable health information” includes health information that is created or received by a health care provider, health plan, employer, or health care clearinghouse, and that relates to an individual’s physical or mental health or condition, including information related to an individual’s care or the PAYMENT for such care. Your furnishing of my account information to [collection agency name], is not in compliance with HIPAA,or [name of your State]’s Privacy Act, and any subsequent reporting of this account on my credit reports to [credit reporting bureaus] is a clear violation of Public Law 104-191 (“HIPAA”). I am requesting you promptly rescind all such account information furnished to [collection agency] and require them to purge their records of all reference to this account, and that you insure that any and all reporting of this account is immediately deleted from my credit reports. (insert the underlined phrase for hospitals) You are also advised that you may be in violation of the Notice of Proposed Procedures for Charitable Hospitals to Correct and Disclose Failures to Meet Section 501(r) of the Affordable Care Act. Please respond, in writing within 10 days acknowledging that you are processing this request. I am reserving the right, to take appropriate legal and civil action including reporting to any applicable regulatory authorities any lack of cooperation or compliance with this request. I hereby waive my rights under HIPAA and any State Privacy Act for the single purpose of your transmission of this request and accompanying documentation in any required report you must make to your E &O insurance carrier. Sincerely, Name (printed not signed) Page 136Chapter 6: Student Loans, Repossessions, and HIPAA HIPAA Collection Agency Validation, Dispute, Cease & Desist This letter is to notify the agency that the debt is beyond SOL, or is invalid for other reasons, and subject to the HIPAA privacy laws. Your Name Your Address Collection Agency Name Collection Agency Address Date Re: Acct # XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX To Whom It May Concern: This letter is being sent to you in response to your recent letter. This is not a refusal to pay, but a notice that your claim is disputed. Under the Fair Debt Collections Practices Act (FDCPA), I have the right to request validation of the debt you say I owe you. I am requesting proof that I am indeed the party you are asking to pay this debt,the date of the alleged medical service, the name of the patient, and proof that there is some contractual obligation which is binding on me to pay this debt. Please attach copies of: Any agreement with your client that grants you the authority to collect on this alleged debt, or proof of acquisition by purchase or assignment, and authorization under subtitle D of the ARRA, SEC. 13401. APPLICATION OF SECURITY PROVISIONS AND PENALTIES TO BUSINESS ASSOCIATES OF COVERED ENTITIES; and SEC. 13407(1) BREACH OF SECURITY. The term ‘‘breach of security’’ means, with respect to unsecured PHR identifiable health information of an individual in a personal health record, acquisition of such information without the authorization of the individual. Please note that enforcement of penalties against you is covered under the penalty rules of the Omnibus Final Rule effective 09/23/2013 interpreting and implementing various provisions of the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (HITECH Act) as issued 11/30/2009 and the penalty rules of the FCRA and FACTA including FACT Act changes final rules effective July 1, 2010. (Letter continued on next page) Page 137Chapter 6: Student Loans, Repossessions, and HIPAA (Validation, Dispute, Cease & Desist Letter continued) Please also attach copies of any agreement that bears the signature of the alleged debtor wherein he or she agreed to pay the creditor and as this is a medical account a copy of any HIPAA authorization. Please also be advised that this letter is not only a formal dispute, but a request that you cease and desist any and all collection activities, including reporting of; or verifying of this account on my credit reports. I require compliance with the terms and conditions of this letter within 30 days. or a complete withdrawal, in writing, of any claim. In the event of noncompliance, I reserve the right to file charges and/ or complaints with the OCR on your HIPAA violations and appropriate County, State & Federal authorities, the CFPB, BBB and State Bar associations for violations of the FDCPA, FCRA, and Federal and State statutes on illegal collection activities on any account that may be time- barred as well as in violation of [name of your State] medical privacy rules. I also hereby reserve my right to take private civil action against you to recover damages. Sincerely, Name (printed not signed) Page 138Chapter 7: Advanced Credit Techniques Good Credit Lines Quickly Method 1: Alternative Credit So let’s say you currently have a $5,000 credit card limit and you owe Cards and Credit Lines $4,500 on it. That would mean you Would you like to get $10,000 in are at 90% usage. This dramatically guaranteed credit added to your hurts your FICO score. credit report without a credit check? By adding $10,000 in new credit, You can do so right here: you would now only owe $4,500 on http://creditsecret.org/secret- $15,000 available credit, bringing money-method your utilization down from 90% to What’s the benefit of getting more only 30%. In this case your FICO credit if your score is in the dumps? score would skyrocket. Additionally, since the $10,000 is “new credit” As we explained earlier in this book, your score would again improve. 30% of your score is determined by amounts owed, and 10% is The goal of getting $10,000 in new determined by new credit. credit is not to go and spend it - its main purpose is to show the credit bureaus that you are responsible and you aren’t maxed out. You can get $10k in guaranteed credit added to your credit report, without a credit check here: http://creditsecret.org/ secret-money-method Method 2: Rent #SMCWIN !! Payments Wouldn’t it be nice to have your rent payments added as positive tradelines to your credit reports? Now you can. Page 139Chapter 7: Advanced Credit Go to RentReporters RentReporters reports your on-time http://www.rentreporters.com and rent payments to the credit bureau use promo code: BA539 for $10 off which will help increase your score. Method 3: Piggybacking A friend of mine named Tyler moved to the U.S. from Canada and had no credit. He asked his friend with great credit to add him onto his Platinum Amex account as an “authorized user”. Tyler never even used the card and 6 months later his credit was 720. This is because he is taking advantage of his friend’s great credit history. Tyler’s friend vouched for him and the credit bureaus love that when it comes from a reputable person. A lot of 18-22 year olds do the same thing, piggybacking on their parent’s accounts. Spouses also help each other out this way if one has better credit than the other. By doing this, the authorized user receives a spillover of benefits of the main account holder’s good credit, without ever actually needing to use the card. Page 140Chapter 7: Advanced Credit The Shopping Cart Trick Here is a little-known trick that allows people with bad credit to obtain a credit card. And in doing so, you increase your overall available credit on your credit report, and your score jumps as a result. You see, this shopping cart trick relies on the fact that some websites pre-approve you when you add items to your online shopping cart, without actually checking your score. This shopping cart trick is what is known as a “soft pull” on your credit report. If you are a member of our VIP Facebook group, the Smart Money Club, you can do a search using the term “shopping cart trick, ” and you’ll 2. Only use the last part of your see countless posts of people who social security number. If they have gotten it to work for them! ask for all of the numbers in your SSN, do not complete There are a couple of rules we need the form. Try again later or on to follow: another website. 1. Make sure your pop-up blocker Shopping Cart Trick Credit is turned off on your web browser. This could be important Opportunities depending on the website. You This list will provide you with several just want to ensure you won’t options that have been tested with miss the offer. Plus, when you the Shopping Cart List. Instead of are done, you can turn it back hitting them all at one time, select two on. or three and focus on those before moving onto other offers. Page 141Chapter 7: Advanced Credit Here is a list of the most popular Buckle Credit Card cards. http://www.buckle.com Abercrombie & Fitch Credit Card Coldwater Creek https://abercrombie.com/shop/us http://www.coldwatercreek.com Ann Taylor Credit Card Crate and Barrel Credit Card http://www.anntaylor.com https://www.crateandbarrel.com Avenue Credit Card David’s Bridal Credit Card http://www.avenue.com http://www.davidsbridal.com Bath & Body Works Eddie Bauer Credit Card http://bathandbodyworks.com http://www.eddiebauer.com Bon Ton Credit Card Express Credit Card http://www.bonton.com http://www.express.com Boston Store Credit Card GameStop http://www.bostonstore.com http://www.gamestop.com Brylane Home Credit Card Home Shopping Network (HSN) http://www.brylanehome.com http://www.hsn.com J.Crew http://www.jcrew.com J. Jill Credit Card http://www.jjill.com Jessica London http://jessicalondon.com Justice Credit Card http://shopjustice.com King Size Direct http://kingsizedirect.com Lane Bryant Credit Card http://lanebryant.com La Redoute Credit Card http://www.laredoute.com LOFT Credit Card http://www.loft.com Mandee Credit Card https://www.mandee.com Maurices Credit Card http://www.maurices.com Page 142Chapter 7: Advanced Credit Motorola http://www.motorola.com MyPoints http://www.mypoints.com New York & Co. Rewards Credit Card http://nyandcompany.com Newport News Credit Card http://www.spiegel.com/ newport-news One Stop Plus http://www.onestopplus.com Overstock.com (Be careful with your social on this one! Only enter last 4!) http://www.overstock.com PacSun Credit Card http://www.pacsun.com Peebles/Stage Stores Credit Card Talbots Credit Card http://www.stage.com https://www.talbots.com Pier 1 Credit Card TigerDirect Credit Card http://www.pier1.com http://www.tigerdirect.com Pottery Barn Kids Credit Card Torrid Credit Card http://www.potterybarnkids.com http://www.torrid.com Pottery Barn Credit Card Total Rewards http://www.potterybarn.com https://www.totalrewards.com Restoration Hardware Credit Card Venus Credit Card https://restorationhardware.com http://www.venus.com Roamans Victoria’s Secret Credit Card http://www.roamans.com https://www.victoriassecret.com Spiegel Credit Card Vitacost Rewards Mastercard http://www.spiegel.com http://www.vitacost.com The Sportsman’s Guide Visa Wayfair http://sportsmansguide.com http://www.wayfair.com Steeles Credit Card Woman Within Credit Card http://www.steeles.com http://www.womanwithin.com Page 143Chapter 7: Advanced Credit Here is your step-by-step 5) Patience is to your advantage. If it’s working correctly, a pop-up process to do the Shopping window will show up with a credit Cart Trick: card offer. You will know it worked if 1) Make sure your browser history, it asks for the last four digits of your cookies and cache has all been social security number. cleared out. You will have to go into 6) Repeat the process. You can do your browser settings to do this. this with as many cards as you wish. This step is essential because the If it doesn’t work right away, keep a browser (and website) will have your lookout in your emails. You may also information before you can give it to receive offers in your inbox over the them. next few days. 2) Create a new account at the You do not have to purchase anything website you want to try to obtain a for this trick to work. Just know that credit card. Usually, there is a place to create a free account or join their loyalty program in the top right area of the page. Enter everything about yourself as it appears on your credit report. Typically, Comenity Bank provides all of the above cards, and they use Experian. Just make sure your info matches up with theirs. You also want to subscribe to the store emails after you fill out your application, because sometimes they send pre- it will probably take you back to approvals to your email. the checkout page. Once you are 3) Go on a browsing spree and place finished with the application, you can a few items in your shopping cart. It just abandon your shopping cart by seems to work best when you have a closing the whole page down. few products that total up to around Initially, your credit cards may have $100. If it doesn’t work right away, very low credit limits of $500 or you can change it up or down by $50, less. However some members have as that seems to be the best option. received as much as $2,500 per 4) Start to check out. Navigate to your card. cart like you are going to purchase This trick is useful to you if you the items you added. Place all of the currently have bad credit and need billing information it’s asking for in a way to add positive credit lines to the online form but type slowly. You your credit report without the hard don’t want to use the autofill feature pull (hard inquiry). that your browser may provide. Page 144Chapter 7: Advanced Credit Utilizing Credit Unions One of the best credit unions to join is the Navy Federal Credit Union if you meet their membership criteria. They have fantastic rates on loans and credit cards, and free checking and savings accounts. They’ve also been known to give high limit unsecured credit cards to people with bad credit. The BEST part about being a member of Navy Federal is that Navy Federal primarily serves they give out HUGE credit limits to members with military affiliations - members, even with terrible credit. meaning someone in your immediate We recommend applying for their family has to have served in the Visa Signature Rewards card in order military. to get the highest limit. We’ve even seen people with credit scores in the low 500’s be approved for as much as $25,000. Navy Federal is also great about loans as well. Some member have obtained a low- interest loan from them, and then used that to pay off other high interest debt. But what if you don’t have any relatives in the military? Skip to PenFed.org which we go over next. They are also an excellent credit union. Page 145Chapter 7: Advanced Credit Pentagon Federal Anyone can join Pentagon Federal Credit Union. If you are not affiliated with the military, they ask you to donate a minimal amount to one of their charities or affiliations. As their website states: “Go to PenFed.org and choose Join PenFed. In three steps, you’ll become a PenFed member.” First they’ll ask for your eligibility. Just follow the prompts on the application and choose which in step one will also be added to the organization to “join” and fulfill their total. Remember: once you are a requirements. member of PenFed, you do not have Then finish filling out all your personal to continue your membership in the information. qualifying organization you chose. Then they will ask you to fund Once a member, always a member. your account. When you open a Double check all your information credit union account you fund your and submit the application. You’ll “ownership” in that credit union. The get confirmation right away. They minimum deposit for a PenFed Share will email you further instructions Account is $5. Your membership fees for logging into your account where to whichever organization you chose you can see what they offer as far as Page 146Chapter 7: Advanced Credit loans and credit cards. Points to Consider When you open an account with PenFed, your Equifax credit report is pulled. PenFed utilizes the same pull for 90 days for lending decisions. You can apply for all types of credit they offer within 90 days without a second inquiry performed. Always apply by phone for products! Why? A few reasons. First, when you apply for a product online, there is an automated credit revolving accounts. screening that is programmed to Also when you apply by phone, look for certain things on your CR although the customer service rep (i.e. charge-offs, collections, high you speak with is using the same utilization rates, etc.). The automated system that would be used if you system “reads” your CR and either applied online, if you are denied, spits out a denial or approval; if a you can ask to be connected to a denial, you’ll get generic reasons, loan officer (LO) and explain your like the ones mentioned earlier - situation. Many times, the LO can charge-offs, collection, too many push through (i.e. override) an application that was previously denied, and/or inform you what you do qualify for, and what you need to have removed from your credit report in order to qualify for the product you were looking for originally. Page 147Chapter 7: Advanced Credit N !! I W C M S # Page 148Chapter 7: Advanced Credit Business Credit If you run a business, or you want to businesses with the data to decide run a business, then you will likely whether or not to extend a line of want to build a business profile. A credit to another business. lot of people fund their business A DUNS number is a nine-digit dreams with their own personal number that is unique to your credit history, but there is no reason company. This DUNs number will to risk your personal credit history. be used to create your business Building business credit is as simple credit file, similar to how your social as following the steps below: security number is used to identify • Incorporate your business using your personal credit reports. a site like http://LegalZoom. You’ll need a bank account in com is a good option the business name, as well as a • Obtain a federal tax phone number, and maybe a fax identification number (EIN) number. It’s a good idea to have all these separate from any personal • Apply for a D-U-N-S® at accounts. http://creditsecret.org/dnb • Open a business bank account Business Credit Lines • Have a business phone number Kabbage • Ask For Trade References or http://creditsecret.org/kabbage tradelines • Sign up in minutes and get a • Obtain business credit card(s) decision instantly. • Establish a line of credit with • No cost or obligation to draw vendors or suppliers funds. • Monitor Your Scores & Ratings • Take only what you need, when you need it. There are many ways to incorporate • Pay only for only what you take. your business, and we won’t get into • Access your cash 24/7. which entity is best. You can visit Grow your business. http://LegalZoom.com and take care of the paperwork right online. Another quality site for business credit info is Creditsuite You’ll apply for a federal EIN at the http://creditsecret.org/creditsuite same time you incorporate. Go there to get a free report on Once you’ve done that, you’ll want “How to build credit for your EIN to apply for a D-U-N-S® number at that’s not linked to your SSN”. http://creditsecret.org/dnb. D&B are a business credit agency, but they don’t actually grant credit to businesses. What they do is provide Page 149Chapter 7: Advanced Credit Credit Card for No Credit or Low Credit Scores Secured Cards • Account history is reported to the three major credit bureaus in the Secured cards are great for boosting U.S. your score and building positive payment history, as well as for OpenSky® Secured Visa® increasing your credit limit to debt Credit Card: http://creditsecret.org/opensky ratio. Basically you determine your account limit by how much you • No credit check necessary to deposit. After several months of apply. OpenSky believes in giving payment history, more opportunities an opportunity to everyone. can open up for unsecured credit • The refundable* deposit you lines. provide becomes your credit line limit on your Visa card. Choose it First Progress Platinum Prestige yourself, from as low as $200. MasterCard® Secured Credit Card http://creditsecret.org/prestige • Build credit quickly. OpenSky reports to all 3 major credit • No Credit History or Minimum bureaus. Credit Score Required for Approval. • 99% of our customers who started without a credit score • Monthly Reporting to all 3 Major earned a credit score record with Credit Bureaus to Establish the credit bureaus in as little as 6 Credit History. months. • Credit Line Secured by Your Fully-Refundable Deposit of • We have a Facebook community $200 -- $2,000 Submitted with of people just like you; there is Application. a forum for shared experiences, • Nationwide Program though not and insights from others on our yet available in NY, IA, AR, or WI Facebook Fan page. (Search *See Card Terms. “OpenSky Card” in Facebook.) • OpenSky provides credit tips Milestone Gold Mastercard® and a dedicated credit education http://creditsecret.org/milestone page on our website to support • Our application is quick and easy you along the way. with instant pre-qualification • *View our Cardholder Agreement available. located at the bottom of the • All credit histories considered. application page for details of the card. • Access your account online or from your mobile device 24/7. • Choice of card image at no extra charge. Page 150Chapter 7: Advanced Credit SelfLender.com Group One Freedom Card http://creditsecret.org/selflender http://creditsecret.org/freedom Self Lender also offers credit • $500 Limit products to people with bad credit or • Easy Terms* no credit by offering Credit Builder • No Credit Check Accounts. Credit Builder accounts • No Employment Check help people who need to build their • Reports to Major Bureau credit through installment loans. • Fast Online Application A Credit Builder Account is like a reverse loan. You pay the Unsecured Cards payments first, and you get the money afterwards. The account Indigo® Mastercard® with is structured as a loan, and you Fast Pre-qualification build credit as you make payments http://creditsecret.org/indigo towards your account. All of your loan payments are reported to all • Our pre-qualification process three credit bureaus. does not affect your credit score • Keeping your account in good Merit Secured Card standing may help establish and/ http://creditsecret.org/merit or improve your credit • Guaranteed $500 Unsecured • 24/7 access to your account, Credit Limit card; no credit check, even on mobile! no employment check • Protection from fraud, if your card happens to be lost or stolen • Reports to Major Bureau • Account history is reported to the • Fast Online Application three major credit bureaus in the U.S.. Horizon Gold Card http://creditsecret.org/horizon • $500 Limit • Easy Terms* • No Credit Check • No Employment Check • Reports to Major Bureau • Fast Online Application Page 151Chapter 7: Advanced Credit Shopping Cards • Use your line of credit to shop thousands of items from Shopping cards allow you to get great brands like Samsung, unsecured credit lines for use with KitchenAid, and DeWalt. online shopping at specific websites. • Not an access card. As it relates to your credit score, it is less important to consider what type Soar Platinum of shopping is offered, and more http://creditsecret.org/soar important to consider that you will get a credit score boost. • No Credit Check • $1,000 unsecured NetFirst • No Application Denied for Bad http://creditsecret.org/netfirst Credit! • $500 Limit • Up to $1,000 Credit Line • Easy Terms* Comes with 2 Bonus Offers: • No Credit Check • No Employment Check 1. Prepaid Visa Card • Reports to Major Bureau • No Credit Check • Fast Online Application • Free Online Bill Pay • No Overdraft Fees Next Millennium 2. $500 Installment Loan http://creditsecret.org/millennium • 2 Minute Approval Process • ENJOY A $1,000.00 CREDIT • Get Cash within 24 hours LINE! • Poor Credit OK • 0% Financing on brand name products exclusively at our online Auto Loans store. • Your Approval is Guaranteed!* Boost Auto Loan • Low Monthly Payments! http://creditsecret.org/boost • No Credit Checks & No Credit Good Credit, Bad Credit, No Credit. Turndowns! Their partner dealer network extends throughout the USA. They Fingerhut Credit Account can quickly assist in finding the right http://creditsecret.org/fingerhut financing for any situation, with the • Easy application! Get a credit right lender. Once your financial decision in seconds. application has been verified, you • Build your credit history – can start looking for your vehicle. Fingerhut reports to all 3 major credit bureaus. Page 152Chapter 7: Advanced Credit Web2Carz Auto Opp Loans http://creditsecret.org/web2carz http://creditsecret.org/opploans • Acceptance In Minutes • Get approved quickly and • Nationwide Coverage receive money in your account • Bad Credit, Previous as soon as the next business Repossession, Bankruptcy OK day. • Lower Interest. Personal Loans • Highly rated. • Reports to credit bureaus. Loanzi http://creditsecret.org/loanzi Guide to lenders • Simple Online Process http://creditsecret.org/guide • Get $500 to $35,000 in cash, Personal loans for 620 credit score direct deposited to your bank or higher. Find a Personal Loan in account in as little as one 4 Easy Steps by comparing lenders business day after approval. matched to your specific needs. • All Credit Types Welcomed 247Loan Express http://creditsecret.org/247loan • Dependable & reliable. • Speedy approval. Get a response in 90 seconds or less. • Borrow up to $35,000. • No fuss, hassle free process. • Cash as soon as the next business day. MyLoanz http://creditsecret.org/myloanz • Simple Online Process • Get $500 to $35,000 in cash, direct deposited to your bank account in as little as one business day after approval. • All Credit Types Welcomed Page 153Chapter 7: Advanced Credit Debt Relief Simplify Your Finances. You’ll be able to refinance your federal and Debt Restructure private student loans, including http://creditsecret.org/debt graduate loans, into one convenient loan at a great rate. • Answer a few questions online • Get a free debt evaluation Flexible Repayment Options. Get • See how much you could save personalized quotes with various repayment terms, including interest- Accredited Debt Relief only payments for the first four http://creditsecret.org/accredited years. • Free consultation No Hidden Fees. Refinancing • Get out of debt without student loans through LendKey bankruptcy means no origination fees or penalties for making extra or early • Resolve debt in as little as 24- payments! 48 months • Get a free savings estimate • No upfront fees & no obligation Miscellaneous Comprehensive Protection Mortgage Loans Against Unfair Debt Collection https://collectionshield360.com Low Rates Shop http://creditsecret.org/lowrate Credit reporting protection: On average, we remove 8 out of 10 Look for multiple lenders that match collection accounts from our client your criteria for either refinancing an credit reports. existing mortgage, or buying your first home. Statutory damages: We will seek up to $1,000 compensation from every Debt Collector in violation of FDCPA Student Loan Refinancing regulations. LendKey Cessation of harassment: We will http://creditsecret.org/lendkey stop harassing Debt Collector phone Lower Your Payments. You can calls and mail. reduce your interest rate, lower CourtLinked.com your monthly payments, and save http://www.courtlinked.com thousands over the lifetime of your student loans. CourtLinked.com has helped individuals with common legal matters such as Name Changes, Small Claims, Trademarks, and much more! Page 154Chapter 7: Advanced Credit What To Do After Your Credit is Fixed Little Known Tips And least on paper. It will open up many more credit opportunities. Best Practices Charge Cards Credit Line Increases Charge cards are better for your Once you are approved for a credit credit than regular credit cards. card or credit line, regularly ask Charge cards are those like American for a limit increase at least 3 times Express, which require you to pay per year. Credit limit increases are the full balance off every month. good, and they lower your overall percentage owed on your entire Hard Inquiries credit profile. Inquiries can hurt your score, Business Credit Cards especially if you apply for several credit cards in a short period of time. Get a business credit card. If you do However, the same is NOT true with not own a business, you can easily auto loans or home loans. You can create one at LegalZoom.com for apply for as many auto loans or less than $200. If you do anything of home loans as you want within a 45 value outside of your normal 9 to 5 day period, and it will all only count job, even if you sell baked goods and as 1 inquiry. (1 for autos and 1 for only make a few hundred dollars a homes) year, incorporate a small business, at Don’t Close Accounts Do not close any credit cards you have paid off. It looks better to have existing, open accounts with a zero balance. However, to prevent those creditors from closing the account because of non-use, be sure to charge something small every other month, then pay it off. Final Notes and Summary To always keep up to date with our latest and greatest tips & tricks not included in the book, make sure to visit: http://creditsecret.org/smart- money-club-members You will find all sorts of extra juicy tips, dispute letters, videos and more. Page 155Chapter 8: FAQs Frequently Asked Questions Over the course of the past Question: I just joined. Where few years we have had thousands do I start? and thousands of questions, either in our fantastic Smart Money Club Answer: When you bought the Facebook Group or via email to book, you received a “Welcome support@creditsecret.org Email” with instructions to login to your member dashboard at http:// The following pages represent creditsecret.org/login. In that the most common questions. There dashboard are instructions on how are many bits of gold in the following to get started. There is also a video pages, and we highly recommend and an audio file of the book in your you spend some time reading dashboard. If you cannot locate through all this excellent information. the welcome email, simply contact support@creditsecret.org Remember: if you don’t find what you are looking for, feel free to ask your own questions in the Question: I just joined. How group or send us a support request long before I receive the book? at support@creditsecret.org Answer: You get access to the eBook right away in your member dashboard at http://creditsecret. org/login. If you ordered a hard copy, it typically takes 3-7 business days. Fulfillment will send you a separate email with tracking information. If you do not get it within this Getting Started time frame, please send us a note to support@creditsecret.org. Question: I’m skeptical. Has anyone really had this work for them? Question: I just joined. Do I have to wait to receive the book before I Answer: In our Facebook group can start? there is a search bar. Just do a search for SMCWin and find thousands of Answer: Absolutely not! Sign in posts by members who have taken to your online dashboard and follow control of their credit history. the quickstart instructions! Page 156Chapter 8: FAQs Question: Should I dispute an old paid collection? Answer: First of all you probably should not claim that an item isn’t yours if you have paid it, because that is false - unless you paid it by mistake. There are other more ethical ways to get it off, by challenging a reporting error. Second, even paid collections can help your score because if they are several years old they can add to your FICO score in a positive way by counting towards your overall credit age. Sometimes, especially if you have a thin credit file, removing an old paid collection can actually lower your score. Question: How do I raise my scores? Question: My score is X (below 650 with public records and/or Answer: Follow every step collection accounts on your report). outlined in this book, without skipping Can I start with getting late pays or jumping ahead. removed? Answer: Yes, you COULD start Question: What if I’ve previously there, but it will have less impact on used a credit repair firm and one your score. Start first with collection of my items is already marked as accounts and public records because “disputed” on my credit report? that will have the most impact on Answer: You can call the credit your score. bureau(s) and request that the prior dispute(s) be removed. When people Question: How do I get late apply for a mortgage, the lenders pays removed? require that no items on their credit report be under dispute, so it is a Answer: You can send a goodwill very common request to have your letter from Chapter 2 requesting the prior disputes removed. That way removal after you are current for you can start the process in our book awhile with the account. fresh. Page 157Chapter 8: FAQs Question: Can I dispute an open They will receive a card in the box account I’m tired of paying on? saying that they have a letter to sign for. It will be delivered. Answer: Sure if you want them to close the account, potentially sue you, AND become a negative listing Question: My letter got returned. on your report. This is not a debt Now what? eradication system. This system just Answer: If you sent the letter to cleans up your credit report/score. the address reported on your credit If you want to get rid of a debt you report and it got returned, then that can declare bankruptcy, pay it, or proves that the information being negotiate a debt relief plan with the reported is inaccurate. In that case creditor. you can send a photocopy of the returned envelope and a dispute Question: There is only a PO to the credit bureau for incomplete/ Box on my credit report. I can’t mail a inaccurate reporting. That way they certified letter to a PO Box. What do will have proof that the address and I do now? account is invalid. Answer: You can send certified mail to the PO Box. It works for a PO Question: My creditor sent Box the same way it does for you. me papers (an itemized bill or an explanation) but no signature. Now what? Answer: The next step will be sending Part 1, Letter 2. Question: My creditor marked it disputed, but didn’t send me proof of a contract with my signature. Now what? Answer: You can send Part 1 Letter 2. Page 158Chapter 8: FAQs Question: My creditor didn’t respond at all. Now what? Answer: You can send Part 1 Letter 3. Question: My creditor Question: Where do I get the both responded and marked it addresses for my creditors? disputed. Now what? Answer: Your credit report Answer: You can skip to Part 2 should list the address of the creditor letter 1. reporting the line item. If there is no address on your report, you can contact the credit bureau and Question: Is there a way to get a get it removed for inaccurate or judgment, bankruptcy, or other public incomplete reporting using the letter record removed from my report? If from Chapter 2. so, how? Who do I send the letter to? Answer: Yes. First you can try Question: A collection agency sending Part 2 Letter 1 (P2L1) to is calling us and driving us crazy. Is the credit bureau. If it comes back there anything we can do? verified, then refer to Chapter 3 for a special loophole on getting public Answer: It is generally not a good records removed. idea to talk with collection agents on the phone. You can make them stop. Just get the correct mailing address Question: I was wondering if for the agency and write to them this can work for student loans? using something along these lines: Answer: Many of our members have been Pro Tip: Bad Account successful with removing Numbers? student loans from their If your account number is credit report, that are being reported with X’s instead reporting negatively. For of the full number, this could this you would use Part 2 be considered “inaccurate Letter 1 in Chapter 2. reporting”, and that alone should justify removal. See the letter in Chapter 2 for inaccurate/incomplete reporting. Page 159Chapter 8: FAQs Answer: In your letter, include whatever numbers you do know, and then use X’s for the remainder like they do. They will be able to identify you by your social security number and/or name & address. They are the ones that reported the information to begin with, it is their job to find it. Question: Where should I get my credit report and scores? Answer: Many members are happy with the resource provided at CreditSecret.org/scores. Others like to use www. MyFico.com or www. CreditCheckTotal.com for “I require that you communicate with their reports. And some use me only in writing, and only at the Credit Karma or Credit Sesame. address provided above. You may not contact me by phone at any time, Question: I have credit for any reason.” They are required monitoring with another service and by law (the Fair Debt Collection the scores are way different than Practices Act) to honor this written what my bank, MyFico.com, or request, and they usually do. other sources say. Why? Answer: Please see Chapter Credit Reports 1 for more about why credit scores Question: I’m looking at the fluctuate depending on the provider. credit reports and all my accounts end with ‘XXXX’ so they are obviously Question: My FICO score is disguising last 4 digits. Do I need to XXX and a lender turned me down send in my complete account # on even though it is higher than what my letters? How do I get complete they said I needed to get financed. the complete number? What’s going on? Page 160Chapter 8: FAQs Answer: There are 19 different you’re willing to pay the debt, but only versions of a FICO score. Please on the condition that the creditor will see Chapter 1 for more about notify the CRAs to remove the item. different scoring models. Once you get verbal agreement, follow up with each creditor in writing. Before you pay, make sure you Question: My credit monitoring get an authorized representative’s website only updates once every X signature on a letter stating that the days. What do I do if I need to get the creditor agrees to the deletion. latest copy of my report before that? Answer: You can purchase Question: Are old closed a copy of your report or sign up accounts hurting my score? Should I for monitoring with a second free work on getting them removed? service. Answer: If you closed them, paid them off, and the accounts are Question: How long will it take in good standing, then they are not on average to take it to go from a 500 doing your credit scores any harm. score to 750? On the contrary, they may help your Answer: It depends on you average age if they are very old. If the doing things in a timely fashion and following the system exactly. Alison Hilton went from 588 to 781 in 3 months. But she went from 588 to 719 in about 45 days. Question: Should I pay off old charge-offs if I can? Answer: If you want to get the most bang for your buck, you should negotiate to pay only if the creditors agree to remove the items from your reports. This is called “pay for deletion.” Contact each creditor and say that Page 161Chapter 8: FAQs creditor closed the account because burden is on THEM to accurately of credit or payment issues, then report, not you. These companies they are derogatory. In that case you are so big and disorganized they could begin the process with Part 1, literally make MILLIONS of errors or Letter 1. lose/destroy the original paperwork that may or may not have had your signature on it. Sending Letters With that said, if you want the Question: Will these letters get advice of an attorney, or if you fear me in trouble? I’m scared of getting being sued or HAVE been sued sued! for some reason, we recommend: Answer: All we teach is to http://creditsecret.org/legalshield exercise your rights by demanding that companies prove you actually Question: Has anyone had any owe these debts AND that they are success getting a specific creditor or being reported fairly and accurately. collection agency to remove things It has been reported that over 50% of from their report? credit reports contain errors or unfair entries. Even if the amount is off 1 Answer: You can use the search dollar, or the date is off one day, your bar in the Facebook Group and search for your creditor or collection agencies name. Two of the most popular (or unpopular) are Midland Funding and Portfolio Associates. Question: Is there a letter to get a hard inquiry off of my report? Answer: Yes. Please see Chapter 1. name is misspelled, and address is wrong, etc - all of these are valid reasons for removal. Why not make them prove it to you? The Page 162Chapter 8: FAQs Question: Do I need to get my old personal information such as addresses or employers removed, or do I send Part 1 Letter 1 first? Answer: That is up to you. Removing your old information is not necessary, but some members have had success with doing it first. The idea is that some of your accounts may be linked to an old address, and once that address is removed, your dispute has a higher probability of success. Question: I have several accounts with one creditor. How many disputes can I put in one Question: When does my 30 letter? day countdown start? Answer: We recommend one Answer: The moment the letter dispute, per envelope. is signed for by the recipient. Question: Where is the law that Question: I received my first requires a signature for it to be a response from one of the collection valid debt? agencies stating that there is no law that obligates them to provide me Answer: The Fair Credit with signed contracts, copies of state Reporting Act, Fair Credit Billing Act, licenses, etc... The letter also said and the Fair Debt Collections Act that they requested the credit bureau require a signature on an original update my account as “disputed” and consumer contract for a debt to be that my account was verified, but the valid. proof they provided me was a bill with my SSN, address, and phone number so I’m guessing at this point I should proceed with Part 1 Letter 2? Page 163Chapter 8: FAQs Answer: Yes, you are correct. If up at all. Which means you win by things eventually escalate to small default. claims, which it likely won’t, it would be pretty interesting for them to show Question: What if a letter goes up without any evidence of your unclaimed at the PO box? original contract. Answer: Google their physical Question: I’ve been sending out address and send the letter to them the letters and receiving responses there, via certified mail. Without the from some and being ignored by signature, it is going to be tough to others. So I’m at the point where I prove they violated the 30 day rule. have no other option but to sue them Plus it sounds like your future letters for false/unfair/unproven reporting. will go unanswered at that PO Box What can I actually sue for? The address. Credit Reporting agencies are telling me that they legally don’t have to Question: Is it “Game Over” if send me this stuff. Can I sue the they provide proof of my signature creditors for not sending me proof after the first letter? that I had an agreement with them? Answer: Make sure you read Chapter 4. Use common sense and take the letters you receive with a grain of salt. They may not be entirely accurate or truthful. They may just want you to conform to what’s best for them and not you. If you do end up going to court, they’ll have their day to explain if they show up. If they are playing hardball, it’s more likely that they will take you seriously when they are faced with a court date. Many times they will settle prior to the case, or just not show Page 164Chapter 8: FAQs Question: If I have 10 items to dispute, can I send 10 letters with 1 dispute per letter all at the same time? Or should I do 1, wait the 31 days, then do another? It could take eons that way, right? Answer: Your goal is to have the highest percentage possible for them to make a mistake. That would mean 10 separate disputes. Clerical errors and your letters getting tossed into a pile, are both your friend. Question: Can a Credit Bureau remove a disputed item and then reinsert it later? Answer: Yes. Answer: No because the law This is a re-insertion. states that they need to mark the It is very common, and you want to item as “disputed” regardless. So always keep an active eye on your there is a good chance they will reports. violate the law and not place that Here’s why this is such a notation on your report. Also, you common problem: The CRA has may want to verify that the collector is only 30 days after getting a dispute even licensed to do business in your letter to do one of two things: (1) state AND check to see if they debt produce evidence that the entry is is beyond the statute of limitations in correct or (2) remove the entry from your state. If you disagree with what the report. They don’t produce the they are claiming you owe, you can evidence themselves; they have to still have your day in court. get it from the creditor. If they don’t hear back from the creditor within the 30-day period, they have no choice Page 165Chapter 8: FAQs your credit report. See Chapter 7. Question: Are your methods legal, or should I check with an attorney? Answer: We are not licensed to give legal advice. We share our information for educational purposes only. What you choose to do is completely up to you. We have seen thousands of members have great success with our program. If you would like to check with a lawyer, we recommend but to remove the item. However, LegalShield http:// sometimes, the evidence arrives a creditsecret.org/legalshield few days or a few weeks later, and it may claim to prove the accuracy Question: Should I get a debt of the original entry. Then the Credit consolidation loan to pay off my Bureau will start reporting it again. credit cards? The Credit Bureau is supposed to notify you in writing within 5 days if Answer: If you have a high an item is reinserted, but they don’t credit utilization rate (maxing out always do it. This is a violation of the your cards), then you are hurting FCRA. See Chapter 2 for fighting a your credit scores. A consolidation re-insertion. loan could rectify this. The fact that you paid off all the other cards will not only help your utilization, but Miscellaneous probably lower your overall payment Question: What is the shopping and interest rates. cart trick? A: It is a method of getting credit Question: Is it better to pay off cards without a hard inquiry on credit cards completely or keep a balance? Page 166Chapter 8: FAQs Answer: We have found the Answer: It is up to you. You can sweet spot to be between 10%-30%. give up and move on to the next So if you have a $1,000 credit line, account. Or you could send the next keeping the balance at $100-$300 letter, letting them know they have would optimize your score. violated federal law and that you intend to file a small claims suit. Or you can get even more aggressive Small Claims and go ahead and file suit. In that Question: I filed a small claims case some members have found lawsuit against a creditor recently. success by sending them a copy of They responded with a motion to the lawsuit, and letting them know move the case from my local county you are willing to drop it in exchange to a US District Court citing that I am for them deleting the inaccurate/ alleging violations of the FDCPA and unfair information. that is a federal law and therefore it should be heard in federal court. Question: I’ve been sued by a Anyone dealt with this? collection agency. What should I do? Answer: You can always amend Answer: See our notes on this your complaint to include a local in Chapter 4. state law that is similar to the federal law you are claiming they violated. Please see Chapter 4 for more information on this topic. Question: I received pretty much an entire “book’ from a collector with actual proof of signatures etc... but they completely disregarded the fact that I disputed the debt and there is no indication on my report(s) that it’s been disputed. So where should I go from this point, wait the thirty days and file suit or should I send another letter? Page 167Chapter 8: FAQs Bankruptcy and Foreclosure Answer: 7 years for completed Chapter 13 bankruptcies and 10 Question: Is this repair method years for Chapter 7 bankruptcies. only for removing negative trade This period runs from the date the lines on the credit report or does it discharge order is entered, not the also work for removing things like date the original petition was filed. It’s judgments and bankruptcies as well? true that most negative items must Answer: Everything is fair be removed after seven years, but in game. For a bankruptcy, you could the case of Chapter 7 bankruptcies, begin using the system on items that Congress saw fit to extend the period say “included in bankruptcy”. And an extra three years. then you could tackle the bankruptcy itself using the information provided Question: How long will a in Chapter 3. foreclosure remain on my credit reports? Question: How long will a Answer: A foreclosure will bankruptcy stay on my reports? remain on your credit report for seven years after the date of the foreclosure sale. As with a bankruptcy, you can challenge an inaccurate, unverifiable, or unfair foreclosure on your reports using the same process as any other derogatory item. And for our loophole regarding these types of accounts you can see Chapter 3. Tax Liens and other Public Records Question: For a Tax Lien dispute (Public Record), what is the appropriate strategy? Answer: See our “public record” loophole in Chapter 3. Page 168Chapter 8: FAQs Question: Isn’t there a statute of When you close down an account, limitations? you no longer have it available, and it no longer counts in calculating your Answer: Every state has a utilization ratio. different statute of limitations for certain debts and public records. Question: Will a Goodwill Letter You can check yours in Statute of work with several late pays on one Limitations Chart near the end of this account? book. Answer: You can certainly give it a try. See Chapter 2 for the Question: Can the system be Goodwill letter. Another option would used for credit card companies that be to dispute/challenge it with Part 1, have won a judgment against me? Is Letter 1 if you don’t agree with it. it still the same process starting with the letters to the original creditor? Does the fact that they went to Question: Should I send a court and got the judgment change Goodwill Letter certified, return what they need to provide me with if receipt requested? requested? Answer: No, there is no need Answer: You actually can to do this. Stick them in an envelope dispute a judgment directly with the and send them regular mail. Some credit bureaus using Part 2, Letter 1, members also fax them with success. not the court itself. Be sure to check our loophole on public records like Question: I sent a Goodwill judgments in Chapter 3 Letter and it didn’t work. The creditor responded that “they are unable to update any information that was Credit Cards reported correctly.” Question: Should I close the credit card accounts I don’t use? Answer: You have a few options. Because the majority of Answer: We don’t recommend these companies are so big, there is closing unused credit card accounts. a good chance you could try again, From the point of view of getting your reaching a different person that scores as high as possible, it’s better might very well help you out. If that to keep these accounts open, even fails, then you could dispute the late though you don’t use them. This all pays by starting the process with has to do with the utilization ratio. The Part 1, Letter 1. If that fails, then skip more open cards you have (within to Part 2, Letter 1, and dispute the reason) with balances below 30 information with the Credit Bureaus. percent of the credit limit, the better. Page 169Chapter 9: Statute of Limitations Statute of Limitations Chart A debt collector no longer has a right to court for a debt past the SOL, then to sue for payment, once a debt they are in violation of the Fair Debt ages past the statute of limitations, Collection Practices Act or SOL, on a state by state basis. That chart below shows each state’s If a debt collector tries to take to you SOL for delinquent debt. State Written contracts Oral contracts Promissory notes Open-ended accounts (including credit cards) Alabama 3 6 6 3 Alaska 3 6 3 3 Arizona 6 3 5 3 Arkansas 5 3 3 5 California 4 2 4 4 Colorado 6 6 6 6 Connecticut 6 3 6 6 Delaware 3 3 3 3 D.C. 3 3 3 3 Florida 5 4 5 4 Georgia 6 4 6 4 or 6** Hawaii 6 6 6 6 Idaho 5 4 5 5 Illinois 10 5 10 5 or 10*** Indiana 10 6 10 6 Iowa 10 5 5 10 Kansas 3 3 3 3 Kentucky 15 5 15 5 or 15**** Louisiana 3 10 10 3 Maine 6 6 6 6 Maryland 3 3 6 3 Massachusetts 6 6 6 6 Michigan 6 6 6 6 Minnesota 6 6 6 6 Mississippi 3 3 3 3 Page 170Chapter 9: Statute of Limitations State Written contracts Oral contracts Promissory notes Open-ended accounts (including credit cards) Missouri 5 5 5 5 Montana 8 5 8 8 Nebraska 4 4 4 4 Nevada 4 4 4 4 New Hampshire 3 3 3 3 New Jersey 6 6 6 6 New Mexico 4 4 4 4 New York 6 6 6 6 North Carolina 3 3 5 3 North Dakota 6 6 6 6 Ohio 6 6 6 6 Oklahoma 5 3 5 3 or 5**** Oregon 6 6 6 6 Pennyslvania 4 4 4 4 Rhode Island 10 10 10 10 South Carolina 10 10 3 3 South Dakota 6 3 6 6 Tennessee 6 6 6 6 Texas 4 4 4 4 Utah 6 4 6 4 Vermont 5 3 6 3 Virginia 6 6 5 6 Washington 6 3 6 6 West Virginia 10 10 10 10 Wisconsin 6 6 10 6 Wyoming 10 8 10 8 ** Georgia Court of Appeals came out with a decision on January 24, 2008 in Hill v. American Express that in Georgia the statute of limitations on a credit card is six years after the amount becomes due and payable. *** An Illinois appeals court ruled on May 20, 2009, that the statute of limitations on a credit card debt without a written contract was 5 years. **** State law doesn’t specify the limitations on open accounts. Page 171Chapter 10: Glossary Glossary Account Annual Fee An account represents a The yearly fee charged by a relationship between a company lender to maintain an account. (the account owner) and consumer, where the consumer purchases a Annual Percentage Rate (APR) product or service in such a way that The cost of credit at a yearly rate. represents the transfer of money over time. Balance Transfer Moving your balance from Account Holder one credit card to another to take The person(s) and or advantage of features the new card guarantor(s) in whose name an offers. Account was established; the person or entity who or which is obligated Balance to repay an Account, or if there are The amount of money that you multiple persons or entities obligated owe to a particular lender. to repay an Account, all such persons or entities collectively; the obligor or Bank Card obligors on an Account. A credit card issued through a bank. Account Reviews Inquiries made into a consumer’s Bankruptcy credit history by creditors, with A legal proceeding that relieves whom the consumer has a current you of the responsibility of paying relationship. your debts or provides you with protection while attempting to repay Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) your debts. A mortgage where the interest rate fluctuates over the life of the Bankruptcy Discharge loan. The release, by the Bankruptcy Court, of the debtor from all of Adverse Action his dischargeable debts, whether An unfavorable action, such as then payable or not. A permanent the denial of credit, insurance or injunction against any collection employment, taken by a creditor or action for pre–filing dischargeable other entity, affecting a consumer. debts. The goal a debtor seeks when Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act filing for bankruptcy protection. (FCRA), creditors must disclose the reasons for any adverse action. Page 172Chapter 10: Glossary Bankruptcy Dismissed Charge-Off An order by the Bankruptcy Court A loan or credit card debt written terminating a specific bankruptcy off as uncollectible from the borrower. case. Creditors may resume The debt, however, remains valid collection efforts upon dismissal of and subject to collection. the debtor’s case. ChexSystems Better Business Bureau ChexSystems is a check The BBB serves as an verification service and consumer intermediary between consumers credit reporting agency owned by and businesses, handling consumer the eFunds subsidiary of Fidelity disputes against businesses. The National Information Services. It Better Business Bureau is not provides information about the use affiliated with any governmental of deposit accounts by consumers. agency. Closed by Grantor Chapter 7 Bankruptcy A credit account that has been The chapter of the Bankruptcy closed at the grantor’s request Code that provides for court- wherein a creditor cancels your administered liquidation of the assets charge privileges. of a financially troubled individual or business. Collection When a borrower falls behind, Chapter 11 Bankruptcy the lender contacts them in an effort The chapter of the Bankruptcy to bring the loan current. The loan Code that is usually used for the goes to “collection.” reorganization of a financially troubled business. Used as an Consumer alternative to liquidation under A “consumer” is defined as an Chapter 7. individual. Chapter 13 Bankruptcy Consumer Report The chapter of the Bankruptcy A “consumer report” is any written, Code in which debtors repay debts oral, or other communication of any according to a plan accepted by the information by a Consumer reporting debtor, the creditors, and the court. agency that bears on a consumer’s creditworthiness, credit standing, Charge Card Credit capacity, character, general A credit card that requires full payment of the bill each month; no interest is charged. The American Express Card is an example. Page 173Chapter 10: Glossary reputation, personal characteristics, Credit or mode of living which is used or A trust or promise to buy now and expected to be used or collected, in pay later under designated terms for whole or in part, for the purpose of goods or services. Serving as a factor in establishing the consumer’s eligibility for: Credit Card 1. Credit or insurance to be used A card that allows a consumer to primarily for personal, family, or pay a portion or all of the outstanding household purposes amount each month and has a credit limit. Visa, MasterCard, and Discover 2. Employment purposes; or are examples. any other purpose authorized under section 604 (15 U.S.C. § 1681b). Credit Check An inquiry to confirm a Consumer Reporting Agency consumer’s credit payment history. (CRA) An agency that is a clearinghouse Credit Fraud for information on the credit payment A case when someone has stolen history of individuals or firms. There a consumer’s identity by fraudulently are three major credit bureaus, using that consumer’s social security Equifax, Experian and TransUnion, number or other personal information and they are regulated by the federal to acquire credit in his or her name. Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). Credit Dispute Consumer Financial Protection To request an investigation of the Bureau accuracy of information on a credit The Consumer Financial report. Protection Bureau (CFPB) is an agency of the United States Credit File government responsible for The collection of information consumer protection in the financial each of the credit reporting agencies sector. CFPB jurisdiction includes maintains in their databases. banks, credit unions, securities firms, payday lenders, mortgage- Credit History servicing operations, foreclosure The record of a consumer’s relief services, debt collectors and credit accounts and manner of other financial companies operating payment (MOP). Credit history in the United States. includes high credit, current balance, credit limit, and 24 months or more of MOP history. Page 174Chapter 10: Glossary Credit Inquiries Credit Score Credit inquiries are a notation A credit score is a numerical listed on your credit report that a index which represents an lender has checked your credit file. estimate of an individual’s financial “Hard” inquiries can impact your creditworthiness. It is based on Credit Score, while “soft” ones a subset of the information in an don’t. Creditors see only your “Hard” individual’s credit report. inquiries. Creditor Credit Limit Person or business to whom a The maximum amount you are debt is owed. allowed to borrow from a lender under the terms of your agreement Creditworthiness for an account. An assessment of a consumer’s past credit behavior that allows a Credit Monitoring Service potential lender to decide whether Services that monitor activity in or not to extend credit. Credit your credit file and alert you to key reporting agencies are private, for- changes in your file. profit companies that collect and sell information about a person’s credit Credit Repair history. Typical clients include banks, Credit repair is a general term mortgage lenders and credit card used to describe the practice of companies that use the information improving or rehabilitating one’s to screen applicants for loans and financial reputation (creditworthiness) credit cards. with creditors. Current Balance Credit Report (a) the unpaid balance for each A record of the information in account; your financial credit file that is used (b) the Account balance, which by a lender, employer, or others to does not include any finance or late help evaluate you when you apply charges assessed after Charge–off for a loan, job or in certain other Date. circumstances. Date Closed Credit Risk The date when a credit agreement An assessment of a consumer’s or account was terminated. likelihood of fulfilling the terms of a credit agreement. Page 175Chapter 10: Glossary Date Opened Dispute The date when a credit agreement If you have reviewed your or account was established. credit report and found some data to be inaccurate, you can contact Date of Last Activity (DOLA) the companies involved to have it The date when one of three investigated and/or removed. This is things happens on any active considered a dispute. account: the consumer makes a Fair and Accurate Credit payment, misses a payment, or the Transactions Act (FACTA) balance of the account increases A federal law that amended the Debt Consolidation federal Fair Credit Reporting Act Debt consolidation entails in many areas. The law provided, taking out one loan to pay off many among other things, additional others. This is often done to secure protections for consumers in a lower interest rate, secure a fixed connection with the prevention and interest rate or for the convenience remediation of identity theft and the of servicing only one loan. accuracy of credit reports. It includes your right to a free copy of your credit Debt Settlement report from each of the three major A process to reduce or pay off old credit reporting agencies every 12 debt by negotiating a lower amount months, which must be requested due with the creditor. through the centralized source established under the FACT Act. Debt-to-Income Ratio Fair Credit Billing Act (FCBA) Your income compared to the debt you owe. This Act, amending the Truth in Lending Act, requires prompt written Default acknowledgment of consumer billing complaints and investigation of billing Failure to fulfill an agreed-upon errors by creditors. The amendment financial obligation, such as making prohibits creditors from taking actions a loan payment. that adversely affect the consumer’s Delinquency credit standing until an investigation is completed, and affords other Past-due payment on a loan. protection during disputes. The amendment also requires that creditors promptly post payments to the consumer’s account, and either refund overpayments or credit them to the consumer’s account Page 176Chapter 10: Glossary Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) that is not actually contemplated, or reveal to other persons the existence Fair Credit Reporting Act of debts. (effective April 25, 1971) is part of a group of acts in the Federal Federal Trade Commission (FTC) Consumer Credit Protection Act. The Act protects information collected by A federal agency whose duty consumer reporting agencies such as is to investigate unfair methods of credit bureaus, medical information competition in business, fraudulent companies and tenant screening advertising, etc., and to restrain or services. Information in a consumer prosecute those charged with such report cannot be provided to anyone practices. The Commission’s primary who does not have a purpose purpose is to protect consumers. specified in the Act. Companies that FICO® Score provide information to consumer reporting agencies also have specific A FICO® score is a credit score legal obligations, including the duty produced from models developed by to investigate disputed information. Fair Isaac Corporation. The score Also, users of the information for is used to measure a consumer’s credit, insurance, or employment creditworthiness and risk, and is in purposes must notify the consumer use worldwide. FICO® scores range when an adverse action is taken on from 300 - 850 and are available the basis of such reports. Further, through all of the major consumer users must identify the company reporting agencies in the United that provided the report, so that the States: Equifax, Experian, and accuracy and completeness of the TransUnion. (FICO® is a registered report may be verified or contested trademark of Fair Isaac Corporation). by the consumer. Finance Charges Fair Debt Collection Practices Act The amount you are charged to (FDCPA) use credit. Under this Act (Title VIII of the Consumer Credit Protection Fixed-Rate Mortgage Act), third-party debt collectors are A mortgage where the interest prohibited from employing deceptive rate of the loan remains the same or abusive conduct in the collection over the life of the loan. of consumer debts incurred for personal, family, or household purposes. Such collectors may not, for example, contact debtors at odd hours, subject them to repeated telephone calls, threaten legal action Page 177Chapter 10: Glossary Foreclosure HIPAA The legal process by which HIPAA is the acronym for the a lender, usually a bank or other Health Insurance Portability and financial institution, acquires real Accountability Act that was passed by property because the borrower failed Congress in 1996. HIPAA Mandates to pay the mortgage. industry-wide standards for health care information on electronic billing Freeze and other processes; and requires the Also known as a security freeze, protection and confidential handling you restrict access to your credit of protected health information. report, which in turn makes it more Identity Confirmation difficult for creditors to see your credit report. The successful verification of a consumer’s identity. Furnishers Identity Theft / Identity Fraud Any company that submits information about you to be included A crime that involves using on your credit report. another’s name, Social Security Number or other personal information Garnishment to acquire credit, make purchases or A legal process whereby a commit a crime in that name. lender who has obtained a judgment Inquiry on a debt can receive full or partial payment by seizure of a portion of An examination of a consumer’s the debtor’s assets (wages, bank credit history. When your credit account, etc.). report is made available to another party, such as a lender, landlord or Grace Period insurer. The number of days between a Installment Loan statement due date and the payment due date during which you do not A credit account in which incur finance charges. the amount of the payment and the number of payments are Gross Monthly Income predetermined or fixed. What you earn before taxes are Interest deducted. The cost of borrowing or lending money, usually a percentage of the amount borrowed or loaned. Page 178Chapter 10: Glossary Interest Rate Lien A percentage of money charged A legal claim upon real estate or by a lender, for borrowing money. personal property for the satisfaction For example, you might get charged of a debt. Liens you agree to 12.5% interest on any credit card are called security interests, and balance carried over, or you might include mortgages, home equity qualify for a 4.5% car loan. loans, car loans and personal loans for which you pledge property Judgment to guarantee repayment. Liens A final court ruling resolving created without your consent are the key questions in a lawsuit and called non consensual liens, and determining the rights and obligations include judgment liens (liens filed of the opposing parties. by a creditor who has sued you and obtained a judgment), tax liens Last Contact Date and mechanic’s liens (liens filed by The date when the debtor or the a contractor who worked on your debtor’s legal representative last house but wasn’t paid). responded, either by a written or Line of Credit verbal response, to debt collection action. Credit limit established by a creditor Late Fee Metro 2 A fee attached to a delinquent account. Metro 2 is a data specification created by the Consumer Data Late Payment Industry Association for credit A delinquent payment; a failure reporting data furnishers (who are to deliver a loan or debt payment members of the credit bureau with a on or before the time agreed. Late data furnishing service agreement) payments are reported to the credit to report consumers’ credit history bureaus by creditors, and appear as information to major credit bureaus negative items on your credit reports. electronically and in a standardized format. LexisNexis Open account LexisNexis (which acquired ChoicePoint) is the largest data- An account that is active or still broker in the world and reseller of being paid. credit information. As of 2006, the company has the world’s largest electronic database for legal and public-records related information. Page 179Chapter 10: Glossary Paid as agreed Principal Balance A designation on the credit Defined as account principal report that indicates the consumer is and other legally collectible costs, repaying the credit account according expenses, and interest accrued to the terms of the credit agreement. prior to the Charge–off Date, less payments or settlements since Permissible Purpose charge off, if any. As defined in 604 of the Fair Credit Public Record Reporting Act (FCRA), only specific reasons for requesting a credit report Information obtained from court are deemed “permissible.” Requests records about such things as state or not meeting this criteria must be federal tax liens, bankruptcy filings denied. and judgments against you in civil actions. Public records are open to Principal any person who requests them. The outstanding balance of a Reaged Account loan, exclusive of interest and other charges. An account that is brought to a current status, even though the total Points past due amount has not been paid. Fees paid to a lender for a loan. Some unscrupulous companies may They are often linked to the interest do this in order to start the Date of rate and are generally used to lower Last Activity over again, in an effort the interest rate of the loan. to reset the typical 7 year clock for a negative item to automatically fall off Preapproval of your credit report. When a mortgage lender reviews Repossession your credit and commits to a specific loan amount. The action taken (usually by a financial institution) to recover an Prequalification object that was used as collateral, When a mortgage lender reviews rented or leased in a transaction. your credit history, income, assets Revolving Balance and liabilities in order to determine an appropriate loan amount. The total balance of all revolving credit accounts. Revolving Charge Account Credit automatically available up to a predetermined limit so long as a consumer makes regular payments. Page 180Chapter 10: Glossary Revolving Credit State Attorney General An account that requires at The attorney general is an least a specified minimum payment executive office in all 50 states that each month plus a service charge serves as the chief legal advisor and on the balance, which can fluctuate chief law enforcement officer for the up to the credit limit. As the balance state government and is empowered declines, the amount of the service to prosecute violations of state law, charge, or interest, also declines. represent the state in legal disputes and issue legal advice to state Secured Credit Card agencies and the legislature. A credit card secured by a Tax Lien savings account. A charge upon real or personal Settled In Full property for the satisfaction of debts The Debtor has satisfied the related to taxes. Account obligation with full payment Term of the amount due. The amount of time in which a Settlement loan must be repaid in full. (a) payment of the adjustment Variable Rate amount of an account, including principal, interest and fees; A variable rate is an interest rate that may fluctuate over the life of a (b) a copy of a written loan, typically in response to changes settlement agreement or other in the interest rate marketplace. written documentation evidencing a settlement. VantageScore® First announced in March 2006, Small Claims Court VantageScore® is the latest addition Small claims court is a special in consumer credit scoring models. court where disputes are resolved Its methodologies and algorithms quickly and inexpensively. In small were cooperatively developed by claims court, the rules are simplified the three major consumer reporting and the hearing is informal. Attorneys agencies: Equifax, Experian, and are generally not allowed. The TransUnion. VantageScores® range person who files the claim is called from 501 - 900. the plaintiff. Page 181BONUS MATERIAL Identity Theft and How to Protect Yourself As you may have heard at some point, Equifax had a giant cybersecurity breach occur between mid- May and July of 2017, which compromised the personal information of as many as 143 million Americans — almost half the country. Cybercriminals accessed sensitive information -- including names, social security numbers, birth and lenders who report on the dates, addresses, and the credit activity of individuals to numbers of some driver’s credit reporting agencies, as licenses. Equifax even admitted well as by purchasing public that credit card numbers for records. about 209,000 U.S. customers Obviously, this is very bad were exposed, as was “personal news. It’s also one of the top identifying information” reasons to make sure you belonging to roughly 182,000 always monitor your credit U.S. customers involved in reports, bank statements, credit report disputes. and credit card statements. Unlike other data breaches, The hackers hang on to this not all of the people affected information for a long time as by the Equifax breach may be well, so never think that enough aware that they’re customers time has passed that you can’t of the company. Equifax be affected. They can pounce gets its data from credit card at any time. companies, banks, retailers, Page 182BONUS MATERIAL Take These Steps to Protect 4. Request a freeze of your Yourself From Identity Theft credit reports from all three credit bureaus. 1. Review your credit report at least once a year to be 5. Never leave mail pile up in certain that it doesn’t include your mailbox. Always place accounts that you have not a hold when you are away opened. If you don’t already from home for several days. have it, sign up for credit monitoring. creditsecret. 6. Use the built-in security org/scores features on mobile devices, especially if you have 2. Be sure to secure your contacts, banking websites social security number and applications saved. (SSN). Never carry your social security card in your 7. Always use updated firewall wallet or write your number settings when on a public on your checks. wi-fi network. Consider using a virtual private network, which can give you the privacy of secured private network. 8. Regularly review your credit card and bank account statements looking for unauthorized transactions. 3. Don’t respond to unsolicited 9. Shred receipts, credit requests for personal offers, account statements, information (your name, and expired credit cards, to birthdate, social security prevent “dumpster divers” number, or bank account from getting your personal number) by phone, email, information. or online. Page 183BONUS MATERIAL 10. Store personal information If you believe fraud has in a safe place at home and occurred, the FTC recommends work. that you place a fraud alert with one of the three major credit 11. Create and use complex reporting agencies. They are, passwords that hackers by Federal Law, required to cannot guess. Always report the fraud alert to the change your password other two agencies. if a company that you do business with has a The alert automatically security breach of its online entitles you to a free copy of resources. your credit report. Review your credit report for any accounts 12. Federal laws require you did not open, or activity you credit card companies did not conduct, and confirm to have consumer that the report has your correct protections in place, and name, address and Social they have dedicated fraud Security number. departments to investigate all claims. This is one of the Next, you will want to file a reasons you always want to complaint form with the trade use a credit card for online commission and an identity purchases versus a debit theft report with your local card. police department. Be sure to make multiple copies of these Recovering From Identity reports and file the originals Theft safely away. Typically, identity First, you will need to figure theft is difficult to prosecute, out what kind of fraud has but these documents can be occurred. If you see an error helpful to the credit agencies on a credit card statement or and the financial institutions financial account, you’ll need to you do business with. contact that company to report The first fraud alert is, it and possibly file a claim. for example, if you lose your wallet. That requires potential Page 184BONUS MATERIAL creditors to take certain steps Experian Credit Freeze: to verify your identity before https://www.experian.com/ opening new accounts in your freeze/center.html name. The next kind of alert is an extended fraud alert. Contacting Your Credit The extended fraud alert lasts Companies seven years and will require Be careful when dealing any creditor to contact you with the companies that have personally before any new your accounts that have been accounts are opened. affected. You don’t want to just close accounts as that may Credit Freezes negatively affect your credit One of the other precautions scores. Inform the creditor that you can take is to put a freeze you have reason to suspect on your credit report. By putting you are a victim of fraud and a freeze on your credit report, ask it for the company’s policy businesses and creditors in situations like these. cannot check your credit history unless you temporarily lift the Sometimes, the creditor freeze. The costs and rules will simply assign you a new vary state by state, so be sure account number, such as a to check with the credit bureaus credit card that might have for your specific steps. been compromised. They will shut off the current card, and Equifax Credit Freeze: simply issue you a new one https://www.freeze.equifax. with a new number. com Whatever choices you TransUnion Credit Freeze: make, always make sure to document every person you https://www.transUnion. speak to, the date and time com/credit-freeze/place-credit- you spoke with them, and freeze the request you made. You may need this for any future interactions about your account. Page 185CREDIT When I started with Credit CREDIT Secrets, my credit scores were SECRETS in the low 500’s. Now they are over 750! I believe in this book so much that I ended up How One Couple Beat the Odds and applying to work for the SECRETS Took Control of Their Credit & Finances... And How You Can Too! company, and now I’m the hheeaadd of their customer service department. How One Couple Beat the Odds and Took Control of Their Credit & Finances... And How You Can Too! After saving their family from a financial disaster, Scott & Scott & Alison Hilton Alison Hilton felt called to share with the world how they SCOTT & ALISON HILTON did it. In this new tell-all book, MET ON MATCH.COM AND you'll discover how one couple NOW HAVE A HOUSE FULL OF used faith, and a few simple 4 CHILDREN AND 2 DOGS. AS ssttrraatteeggiieess,, to escape the hole CONSUMER ADVOCATES they dug themselves into... THEIR MISSION IS TO HELP finally taking control of their ONE MILLION PEOPLE credit & finances... and their IIMMPROVE THEIR FINANCIAL lives! LIVES ONE PERSON AT A TIME. ON A TYPICAL DAY YOU’LL FIND THEM WORKING TIRELESSLY AT THEIR COMPUTERS HELPING PEOPLE LIKE YOU TO LIVE TTHHEE AMERICAN DREAM! Scott & Alison Hilton creditsecrets.com CREDIT SECRETS Scott & Alison Hilton