Credit Millionaire Credit Millionaire How You Can Gain Access to Millions of Dollars in Other People’s Money to Build Your Own Massive Wealth Written By: Bill Harris Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 1Credit Millionaire Table of Contents INTRODUCTION My Story 3 CHAPTER 1 It All Starts with Personal Credit 11 CHAPTER 2 Getting Access to Your Reports 17 CHAPTER 3 The Dispute Letters 23 CHAPTER 4 Fighting Creditors 34 CHAPTER 5 Beginning Business Credit Building 40 CHAPTER 6 Quick and Easy Business Credit Building 45 CHAPTER 7 Ideas for Wealth-Building with Credit 54 CHAPTER 8 Secrets of DNB 69 CHAPTER 9 Getting and Using Credit 80 Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 2Credit Millionaire Introduction “Action is the foundational key to all success.” Pablo Picasso There’s a little piece of plastic in your wallet right now that can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams. And the more of these little pieces of plastic you have, the richer you’re about to become. (And if you don’t have any, I’m about to show you a secret on getting a lot of them as fast as possible, even if you don’t have good credit.) You may have noticed the check at the top; it’s called a “convenience check.” You may have seen them before. And what’s amazing about these checks is that you can write them out for obscene amounts of money – to use for whatever you need – to pay your creditors directly or to deposit right into your bank account. And these checks are readily available through credit card companies like American Express, Citibank, Capital One, and Chase just to name a few. Now you might be thinking, “Hold on there! I don’t have that kind of credit worthiness. I don’t even have a high enough credit score to finance a pack of gum. How can I qualify to get checks for that kind of money?” The answer is simple: You have purposely been left out of a little secret that was only meant to be a credit “loophole” for the ultra-rich, super wealthy, and elite. And I’ll explain in a minute what that credit loophole is. But… Before I get into this loophole and how anyone (including you) can use this secret to tap into virtually unlimited amounts of unsecured credit – even if you have poor credit right now – I’d like to introduce myself. My name is Bill Harris and it wasn’t but a short time ago when I found myself up a creek without a paddle. I had lost everything in the crash of 2008, including my house, and found Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 3Credit Millionaire myself in bankruptcy court after I lost my business because the economy went to hell in a handbasket. To make matters worse, I couldn’t even qualify for a “beater mobile” at a shady corner used car lot because my credit was so bad. Yes, I was rejected for a loan…even at a laughable Turn the page and keep reading… 29.9% interest rate on a overpriced used 13-year-old Toyota Corolla. Believe it or not, it wasn’t that long ago when I couldn’t even qualify for a piece of junk car! I thought I was completely ruined until late one night I was watching an infomercial about a guy who was talking about a special kind of credit…a kind of credit that ANYBODY could qualify for as long as they had a Social Security Number. I sat there thinking to myself, “How could I have never known about this before?” And then thinking, “Is this legit? Is this legal?” But for only $39.95, it was worth it for me to find out. So, I called the toll-free number, ordered their set of books and a couple of CDs, and I devoured every morsel of that package the second it arrived. So…what were the results? The materials I got were just okay. As you probably already know, a lot of that garbage you buy from late-night informercials are ususally greatly lacking in the nitty-gritty needed to make something successfully work. And without those important puzzle pieces including where to get the money, it makes the whole thing useless. But I got hooked on the basic concept of what it was about because the whole thing was fairly simple. Let me explain. I Cracked “The Code” on Getting Almost Unlimited Amounts of Cash and You Can Too Once You Discover This Secret There are smart men and women all over the country just like you who are taking advantage of a secret credit loophole and, once you discover this secret too, you’ll be able to start accessing this kind of unsecured cash almost overnight. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 4Credit Millionaire So…what is this credit secret “loophole” that anyone – including you – can access right away? Between the junky infomercial course I bought and my business experience, I put two and two together. Here’s how: After I lost my business, one of the things I was able to keep from that business were two of my corporate business credit cards. Even when I had to file for bankruptcy, I still got to keep those two credit cards and I still have them to this day. One was an American Express card and the other, a US Bank credit card. And yes, I was allowed to keep both of them even though my personal credit was completely trashed. This is because my personal bankruptcy had nothing to do with my corporation. Back then I knew a little bit about this “secret loophole” which was exclusively designed only for the rich, elite, and well- connected. It’s called the corporate credit loophole. And while you might immediately think it’s only for those who own large corporations, nothing could be further from the truth. In fact, right now, if you don’t have a business to do this, you can still tap into corporate or business credit…and I’d like to show you how. But first, I’d like to reveal a single mind-blowing fact… Banks Will Give 10 Times or More in Unsecured Credit to a Business or Corporation Rather Than to an Individual It wasn’t too long ago when I did this “experiment.” I happened to receive a credit card pre-approval letter in the mail from Bank of America. They said that I was “pre-approved” for a personal credit card and all I had to do was sign and mail in the application and they’d approve me, mail me the card, and I’d have another credit card in my wallet. I didn’t do anything with the application right away. I just left it on my dining room table and didn’t think about it again until I got another pre-approved credit card application in the mail from the same bank…Bank of America. But this time, this pre-approval was for my old business. Yes, I still had my Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 5Credit Millionaire company name even though I wasn’t operating the business anymore. So, on a whim, I decided to mail in both applications on the same day just to see what would happen. I mailed in the personal credit card pre-approval application and the business credit card pre-approval application, both issued by Bank of America. And guess what happened? A few weeks later, I got both credit cards in the mail in separate envelopes. Yes, I was approved for both. But there was a suprising difference between the two cards (aside from the different color and “look” of each card) and it was this… They gave me only $5,000 in unsecured credit for my personal unsecured credit card. But for my business… They Gave Me a Whopping $50,000 in Unsecured Credit for My Corporation…a Business I Wasn’t Even Actively Operating or Running! I was shocked! Fifty thousand dollars in unsecured credit? Just for signing and mailing in the pre-approval application? This was crazy…but this is what prompted me to go back to all the stuff I was researching on corporate or business credit. And here’s what I discovered… Banks and Lenders Will ALWAYS Give Much More Money to a Business Than to An Individual…ALWAYS! Why is this? Because banks and lenders realize that most businesses and corporations need things to keep their businesses going including buying inventory, services, and other things to keep their businesses running. And since most people’s businesses are their main sources of income, banks and lenders feel more confident and secure in lending much larger lines of Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 6Credit Millionaire credit to corporations…because they believe their resonably assured that these business owners will use this credit to further their business activites to grow their profits to, in turn, pay back the credit that was borrowed from these banks. Plus…since companies do use the unsecured credit for things needed to operate their businesses, banks and lenders believe that the money they are lending is being used for necessities to grow their profits and not for anything frivilous or risky. On the flipside, when they approve a personal credit card or line of credit, they realize that the unsecured credit is likely going to be used for luxury or impractical purchases from vacations to big screen TVs. These kinds of purchases increases the bank’s lending “assessment,” putting it into the highest risk threshold which is why they, by default, drastically minimize the amount of available credit they will issue to you on a personal level, even if you do have a high personal credit FICO score. So, the only way to access hundreds of thousands of dollars in unsecured credit virtually overnight is to have a corporation or business. But… What If You Don’t Have a Business? Can You Still Qualify to Get Corporate Credit? Yes, you can! You don’t have to have an operating or functional business. You just have to have a business. And you can get one in about 48 hours in most cases. Sometimes a little longer. Once you have a corporation, you can then start applying for business credit cards right away! This is the beauty of this whole thing. You see, each credit card can be worth anywhere from $25,000 to $50,000 right off the bat. I’ve even gotten some credit cards that approved me for $100,000 right away even with a brand new corporation! And here’s another secret: if you apply for all of these credit cards at the exact same time (which is only possible when Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 7Credit Millionaire applying online), you’ll be able to get anywhere from 5 to 10 credit cards, each worth up to $50,000 each! Imagine getting 10 business credit cards all at once, each worth $50,000, within the next couple of weeks! That means you’d have access to $500,000 in unsecured credit right away! How amazing is that?? In case you don’t know the reality of how the world works, here’s the hard truth: You need money to make money. And if you don’t have two nickels to rub together, you’ll never get rich. You’ll never have the opportunities you need to become rich. But…if you once you understand how to pull strings to access OPM, the world becomes your oyster virtually overnight! The Sky’s the Limit in How You Can Use OPM to Build Wealth For Yourself and Live Your Dream Life Maybe you’re not interested in real estate. And that’s okay. The good news is that there are hundreds of ways to be able to build wealth using OPM or Other People’s Money. You can also start living your dream life too. Not only can you start or buy a business, you can buy real estate, invest in stocks, and you can even buy/lease vehicles too. In most instances you can get credit cards and lines of credit, each worth $25,000 or more! Get multiple credit cards and lines of credit giving you instant access to upwards of $500,000 right off the bat! What would you do with this kind of money? Just to give you an idea of what’s possible, here’s what I did in the first couple of months right after I discovered this secret “credit loophole”: ✓ Got 4 business credit cards, two with $25,000 credit lines and two with $50,000 credit lines (totaling $150,000) ✓ Got 3 business lines of credit, one for $10,000, one for $25,000, and one for $75,000 (totaling $110,000) ✓ Bought a Lexus LX600 (worth $108,000) Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 8Credit Millionaire ✓ Bought a 62-unit apartment building (total purchase price: $4.2 million) which now gives me a $28,000 monthly cash flow ✓ Bought 8 Airbnb condos on the beach (total purchase price: $4.32 million) which now gives me a $19,000 monthly cash flow ✓ Bought an automated car wash (total purchase price: $1.48 million) which now gives me a $34,000 monthly cash flow I’m not telling you any of this to impress you. I’m simply trying to show you what is possible – the kinds of financial opportunities that you’ll instantly have available to you – once you have access to virtually unlimited funds that you can use for anything you want, ideally to use to make yourself lots of money! Imagine What YOU Can Do With Virtually Unlimited Unsecured Cash at Your Fingertips! Do you really know what it means to have access to UNLIMITED amounts of cash at your fingertips? And how quickly your entire life can change when you finally have this kind of access to cash? * You could become a real estate millionaire, getting 100% of the cash you need to close on cash flowing real estate deals. * You could purchase inventory from places like Alibaba.com and resell these highly profitable wholesale products for retail prices on websites like Amazon, eBay, and others. * You can buy and sell used cars for big profits. * You could buy an existing cash flowing business. 3 * You could start any business you’ve ever wanted to start from scratch. The sky is truly the limit in what you can do and how rich you can become with this kind of unsecured cash on hand. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 9Credit Millionaire Here’s the type of virtually instant unsecured credit access you can get right away by simply starting a business credit profile: • Unsecured credit cards with credit limits ranging from $10,000 to $100,000 right away • Unsecured lines of credit ranging from $25,000 to $500,000 and eventually you can qualify for a $1,000,000 unsecured line of credit • Leased luxury cars under your business…a Mercedes- Benz, BMW, Lexus, Bentley, Ferarri…or whatever you’d like! And at the same time, you will be: • Protecting your personal credit profile • Keeping your personal financials affairs private • Protecting your personal property and assets And You Can Start Accessing This Unsecured Credit Even If You Have Bad Credit Right Now So, you’re probably wondering… “Is getting this kind of credit possible for me? I don’t have perfect personal credit right now and I don’t know if this can work for me.” The good news is that if you don’t have perfect credit, don’t worry! Not only can I show you how to quickly fix your personal credit – boosting your personal FICO score by hundreds of points in just a few months – but I can also show you how you can tap into business or corporate credit right away regardless of your personal credit score. And even better…you can start accessing these larger lines of unsecured credit right away! So, let me show you the exact steps you need to start doing to be able to tap into this unsecured credit as soon as possible. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 10Credit Millionaire Chapter One It All Starts with Personal Credit A lot has changed with credit since our near-banking collapse in late 2008. Since that time, banks have become very aware of who they lend money to and how much they’ll lend, if anything at all. Back in the day, it was fairly doable to get a signature loan for $10,000 or $20,000. You could even get personal high credit limit credit cards “back then” which was only a short time ago. Nowadays, after so many shifts and changes with the economy, even those with the highest credit scores aren’t able to get nearly as much unsecured credit as someone who is applying for business credit. This is when I realized that, perhaps, one should be going after unsecured business credit rather than trying to get personal credit cards in this post- recession new economic banking and lending environment. Where Your Personal “Mid” FICO Needs to Be Getting unsecured business credit starts first with fixing and building your personal credit. In order to make this work, you’ll need to get your personal mid-FICO score over that 720-mark first and foremost. This is the most essential ingredient in gaining access to untold amounts of unsecured business credit. For those of you who don’t know what a FICO score is, it’s an “overall score” (calculated with from the Fair Isaac Corporation) which each of the 3 major credit bureaus will use to evaluate your overall credit-worthiness. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 11Credit Millionaire Your 3 credit bureaus are Experian, Equifax, and Transunion. These are the “major players” in the world of credit. Your “mid” FICO is the score that’s the middle number of all 3 scores when you pull something called your “tri-merge” credit report (or pulling all 3 credit reports at once on one report). When pulling your credit reports, I recommend going to www.Experian.com and choosing the $39.95 option to gain access to all 3 of your credit reports at once. You’ll also be able to view all 3 FICO scores as well. And yes, your entire process of fixing your personal credit starts will pulling all 3 credit reports so pull your credit as soon as you can. The sooner the better! Why Credit is So Important In this book I'm going to go over briefly about how you can take your poor credit score and turn it around within the shortest period of time. The unfortunate thing is many of us are not taught how to take care of our credit. Many of us are not taught how credit works from an early age. Even worse, as early as your late teens or early twenties you probably found that because of this inexperience or lack of information you get into trouble financially from a credit standpoint. In fact, the only bit of relevant personal or business advice my mother ever gave to me was this: “Take good care of your credit.” And that was it. No advice on how to exactly do that so essentially I had to figure it out by myself. No one really teaches us how to balance our credit cards, balance our budget with credit cards, how to take care of our credit and of course we are a credit dependent society. If we have hopes of building wealth or using credit to build Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 12Credit Millionaire wealth not to mention even to purchase a house or a car with a low interest rate, we have to have outstanding credit. The good news is that because of the Great Recession we only recently pulled out of, a lot of people's credit scores had been drastically lowered. (Since we’re going into yet another recession as I write this, statistics have already shown that people are falling behind on credit obligations.) Since foreclosures and bankruptcies stay on your credit for a long time, as we pulled out of the last recession and we’re diving into another one, most people never really recovered from a credit standpoint and are still suffering from their credit problems from before. Maybe this describes you too whether you’re gone through a foreclosure, a bankruptcy, or maybe you're on the verge of bankruptcy because of some kind of financial turmoil in your life. Regardless of your personal situation, we can improve it starting right now! That’s right. Whether it was or wasn’t your fault, it can be fixed. You could have maybe lost your job or found yourself in the hospital. Or sick for a time frame. Whatever the reason we're going to start from Ground Zero right now. How to Best Use This Book For the purposes of this book, I'm going to assume you have the worst possible personal credit profile and we're going to go from there. If you are in the process of a bankruptcy, you do need to make sure that your bankruptcy is discharged before you’ll be able to start the credit building process. If you’re in the middle of a foreclosure, we do have to make sure that the foreclosure is complete and that the house is no longer in the process of being foreclosed on before we can continue the credit building process. The Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 13Credit Millionaire same goes for being in the middle of a bankruptcy as well. Wait until it’s over with and then you can move forward. To move forward, I'm assuming then that we don’t have any foreclosures or bankruptcies in process. Of course, if you do then you’re going to wait until it’s finished. You can read the rest of this book. But I recommend that after you take notes, you don’t really implement anything until after your bankruptcy or foreclosure is complete. Let’s move on and talk about how credit affects us, what we need credit for, and other important things surrounding credit before we start the process of showing you how to build credit. I remember when I was offered my first credit card. It was at the age of 18. I was attending a community college at that time called Saddleback College in Mission Viejo, California. On this college campus one day was a booth from Cross Country Bank. I don’t know if you remember that credit card. (They were later taken over by Applied Bank.) And it was just a matter of filling out an application right then and there and being approved for $500 instantly with no proof of income or the need for a job. They knew that most college students did not have a job, yet they were offering those credit cards to literally anyone who applied. I think this is where the start of the problem is. Of course, technically the start of the problem is always at home but unfortunately a lot of our parents did not have the proper knowledge or did not think it was important enough to share with us information about how to manage money or credit properly. And so for many of us, as a college student, we’re not aware of how the whole process works yet. Mainly this is because we’re not fully adults who have existed in the world of adult economics yet. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 14Credit Millionaire Between this and not having parents that clued me in on exactly how credit works and the importance of managing credit properly, I found myself getting in trouble with credit fairly early on. It’s very easy to get into trouble; couple this with credit card companies trying to lure college students into their system knowing that they had no income to pay the bills that creates so many credit problems for so many young adults today. I guess these credit card companies assume that the parents will step in and pay bills in the event that the student could not pay the bills because otherwise it just seems to me a little on the irresponsible side for these credit card companies to have a booth in a college. At this point, many our first understanding of credit is easy to get and you quickly mismanaging and then of course your interest rates going up because of the history of mismanagement. I think the credit card system makes a lot of money off of people that have mismanaged their funds and I think that’s where the bulk of their money comes from. The bulk of their money does not come from people who pay their bills in full every month, the people with the 0.9% APR who have the stellar credit. It’s the people who have the bad credit or poor payment histories that pay the 29.9 % APR and that’s where they make all of their money. So the entire thing is a complete set up for failure from the beginning when they start their booth soliciting college students who they know have no job or no means to pay back the credit card to start the process of your declining credit files. Now the responsibility ultimately is on your shoulders, because you are the one who made the decision to open up a credit card and something happened in your life Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 15Credit Millionaire whether or not it was your fault, doesn’t matter at this point. The credit card bills are not paid, the loan notes were not paid. Things have progressed to the point where you do not have good credit anymore. Even though some of the things that have happened may have been out of your control, we do have control from this point forward. The control starts with the understanding of that you do need to understand how to manage your credit properly and not to let it get out of control. That’s the key you have to understand. As an adult now, in the adult world, even though we were oblivious to how credit works, when we started getting credit we certainly know how credit works now and we do understand that taking a very tight control of your credit is of the utmost importance. Knowing this information, we can now move forward to the process of building your credit. If you’re in the process of a bankruptcy you’re not going to be able to start any of the steps that I'm going to talk about. If you’re in the process of losing your home and it has not quite been officially foreclosed on, you would not be in a position to start the process of rebuilding your personal credit either but you can still go through the process and take notes and as soon as those things are done then we can start from ground zero with you. In the meantime, something you can do right now is start paying all of your bills on time including credit cards and car payments. You should start doing this as you move forward with the rest of the stuff I’ll be covering in this book. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 16Credit Millionaire Chapter Two Getting Access to Your Credit Reports A s you know the first thing you need to do is get your credit report. There are 3 credit reporting bureaus, Equifax, Experian and TransUnion. Experian used to be TRW, that’s probably the top of the 3. The second being TransUnion and the third being Equifax. The easiest way to pull your credit report if you’re willing to pay a fee is by going online, and I personally go through Experian and then go to their website and they will pull all 3 credit reports for a fee of $40 including all 3 FICO scores. The nice part about pulling your credit report online is that you can start to dispute all your items immediately online. By law you can ask for your free credit reports once a year; you must do this in writing and no FICO scores are provided when you receive your credit reports in the mail. You can request your annual free credit reports by mailing a letter including your name, address, phone number, date of birth and Social Security Number to: Annual Credit Report Request Service P.O. Box 105281 Atlanta, GA 30348-5281 It will take within 30 days for you to get your credit reports so you can start this process of disputing (since you need your credit reports first to know what to dispute). I like getting my credit reports online and paying the fee because then not only can I look at everything immediately so I can also start to dispute everything online immediately. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 17Credit Millionaire Start Disputing EVERYTHING NEGATIVE Once you’re able to see all 3 credit reports from all 3 bureaus you’re then able to start the dispute process. I recommend that you dispute everything that’s negative (or “adverse”) on all 3 reports, even if you think that each dispute will be futile because it is a valid reporting on a credit account. So, for example, if you knew that you had a car loan through GMAC, I’d suggest that you dispute the delinquency anyway. You never know. It just may fall off in the first “round” of disputes if they don’t have your sales contract readily available for the credit bureaus when they come knocking. Back a long time ago when I had a lot of delinquencies from mismanaging my personal credit (due to a divorce, a business bankruptcy, and other personal problems at the time), I disputed everything that was negative, regardless of whether it was valid or not and I was able to get a lot of things off my credit from the dispute process. Almost everything fell off eventually since I was very consistent with the disputing process. (You can dispute these items every 35 to 45 days IF they don’t come off.) Why Having Collection Agencies on Your Credit Report is AWESOME! The nice thing about disputing things from any kind of credit collection agency is that they have to have the full file of your account in their office for easy access to respond to the credit bureau. When you dispute an account (stating that the information is “inaccurate” or that it’s not your account), the credit bureau sends out a letter to the collection agency (or Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 18Credit Millionaire other creditor) demanding some kind of proof that the account is yours and that it’s a valid collections account. Most collection agencies DO NOT HAVE ANY DOCUMENTATION of your original account from the original creditor. Therefore, they then have to scramble to try to get the documentation from the original creditor and most of the time they cannot get it in the required 30-day period that they must respond to the credit bureau’s request. By their lack of response, the credit bureau is then legally required to completely remove the account from your credit report as if it never existed in the first place. For example, if you have a delinquency from Arrowhead Water (now ReadyRefresh owned by Nestlé ) ® for example, and ABC Collection Agency is collecting on behalf of Arrowhead Water for, say, over $1,000. It’ll show on your credit report that the account falls under ABC Collection Agency on behalf of the original creditor of Arrowhead Water. However, by law, only ONE company can claim the delinquency at a time. (For instance, both Arrowhead Water AND ABC Collection Agency cannot be showing on your credit report at the same time as if they are 2 different accounts when they are reflecting the same account number information and delinquency amount.) The benefit of disputing things that are put on your credit reports by a collection agency is that when you go through Experian, TransUnion or Equifax, and you say this is an inaccurate reporting and demand verification of the debt, the credit reporting bureau by law has to verify that it is a correct posting on your credit report. As mentioned before, they send out a letter to the collection agency asking for verification of the debt. The collection agency has 30 days in which to provide that info to the credit bureau and if they fail to provide info or accurate info then it is Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 19Credit Millionaire automatically removed from your credit report. That’s really how easy it is. That’s the nice part about if you have a lot of collection agencies on your credit report, it’s relatively easy to get them all removed because many (if not all) of them do not have the right information on file about the original debt. When one of the credit reporting bureaus sends the letter requesting this information the collection agency usually does not have accurate information or the original contract or paperwork for the account. If they don’t have this information, which many of them do not, then it’s very easy to have the adverse account removed off your credit report. In order to start disputing all of your delinquent accounts, your first order of business after you get all 3 reports. Once you do this, you need to start to dispute everything immediately. It’s much easier to order your 3 credit reports online (using www.Experian.com) and you can do what I call your first “round” of disputing right after you gain online access to your credit reports. The process starts right with disputing every single delinquent or adverse (negative) account you have on your credit report. After your first set of disputes go out, within 30 days you'll get a new report back in the mail. It’ll say what’s been removed and what’s been “updated” (or not removed). Every single time your report is updated, you will receive a new report in the mail. For example, if Equifax is able to verify that the debt is, in fact, correct then they will send you a new report showing this information did not change. If something had changed on the report where something was removed because it was not a debt that was able to be verified then they will send you a new report at that time showing that the account is gone. If they're trying Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 20Credit Millionaire to verify several debts at once usually they will send an update of the credit report every single time there is a change or update. For example, if one thing had fallen off and they're still investigating another account at the same time then they'll send you an update of your credit report and then when the new information comes in from the second one that your disputing they'll send again another update as soon as that’s complete. After you send in your first round of disputes, you have to wait until the 30-day period has expired before sending out your next round of disputes. This means that every 35 to 35 days, you’ll start the whole process again until every single delinquent account is updated or removed in your favor. For example, if you have 3 delinquencies on, say, your Equifax credit report, you will initially dispute every single delinquency right off the bat with a letter that says each account is “inaccurate” and needs to be removed as per federal law. Once the verdict comes in about whether or not they actually fell off your credit report, you will then file another dispute. Usually your second dispute is not going to be online. It’ll be via a letter that is mailed to their post office box on record. Here’s a secret to use for higher effectiveness: since your first round of disputes are the most effective in getting the most possible delinquent accounts off your credit reports, DO NOT do any online disputes. Do them all via “snail mail” right off the bat. For some reason (and I have suspicions as to why this is), mailed in disputes tend to fall off more so than by doing online disputing. I have a series of letters that will help you in this dispute process. You should use my example letters because they are super powerful as far as actually getting things done Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 21Credit Millionaire properly with the credit bureaus. For example delinquency did not initially fall off then there's a series of letters that you use to follow up with the delinquency every single time they come back with something and you don’t stop until it actually falls off. The process is a commitment process. I strongly recommend that you build yourself a log for each credit reporting bureau. One for Experian, Equifax and TransUnion. You could build a graph or a table of every single delinquency that you have and then what you could do is every single time you dispute the delinquency regardless whether it’s online or mail, you would then write the date in that filed the dispute and wait at that point for them to respond. You cannot do anything further until the credit bureau tries to validate the debt and then respond. Keeping a Log Once the bureaus respond back then you, keep a log and write in the log what their response was including the date you sent and received a letter. Then you do a follow up letter at that point, you would then write that also in the log under the same delinquency. It’s critical that you keep a log because it’s very easy to just let the process go after the first set of dispute letters you send out and it’s very easy to just let go of the process after that. But you have to stay on the process. Your log can be an Excel spreadsheet or a piece of paper that you write all the details on. It doesn’t matter which you use. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 22Credit Millionaire Chapter Three The Dispute Letters Y ou’re going to be constantly sending out letters in reference to disputing your adverse credit accounts. You have to make sure that when you dispute, you cannot send a second letter with the same information on it disputing that same delinquency. For example, say you had car repossession from Ford Credit and it’s on your credit report showing this. Say your initial dispute letter said that the account was not yours or the account is inaccurate. Within 30 days they come back saying Ford Credit furnished them with a contract and they have validated the fact that this debt is true and correct. Your second letter is not going to be about how it’s not your debt or that it’s an inaccurate debt otherwise you’ll lose all credibility and the bureaus will stop investigating your disputes altogether (even though legally they can’t). You would have to actually further explain the situation in your dispute. You can’t send out the same letter specifying the same information because then they're just going to tell you, “We're not going to further investigate this because you offered us no new information in regarding why you believe this debt is inaccurate.” The next letter that you state about the delinquency has to include additional information as to what needs to be investigated this time. To make this work, you have to use the letters in a precise series. It is a process that has to be done consistently in order to be able to get some of these things removed off of your credit report. As I mentioned earlier, if you’re dealing with a credit collection agency, it’s much easier to get those disputes Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 23Credit Millionaire removed immediately because a lot of them do not have the information about the original debt and if they're not able to report back to the credit bureau regarding the information and the delinquency within 30 days; this automatically requires the bureaus to remove the delinquent account off your credit report as if it never existed in the first place. Important note: ALWAYS dispute your delinquent accounts with the credit bureaus FIRST before contacting the creditor or collection agency. By contacting the creditor or collection agency first will work in your disfavor because it throws up the red flags, indicating that your next step will be contacting the bureaus and it gives them adequate time to find your original sales contracts and other legal information needed to fight your dispute with the bureaus. This is why you should ALWAYS file your initial set of disputes FIRST with the CREDIT BUREAUS and NEVER initially with the creditor or collection agency! You Get Your Credit Report, Highlight All of Your Delinquencies and You’re Ready to Start Disputing. NOW WHAT?? You send out your first set of letters. By “set” I’m indicating that you will be sending out 3 letters, one letter for each credit bureau: Experian, Equifax and Transunion. (Typically all 3 bureaus will have the same credit reported accounts that need to be disputed since most major creditors and collection agencies will report to all 3 bureaus. Only smaller creditors and collection agencies will report to 1 or 2 of the 3 bureaus.) Before we continue, let me give you the mailing addresses to mail in your disputes for each of the 3 major credit bureaus: Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 24Credit Millionaire Experian P.O. Box 4500 Allen, TX 75013 Equifax P.O. Box 740256 Atlanta, GA 30348 Transunion P.O. Box 2000 Chester, PA 19016 Your Order of “Reasons” for Each Dispute Your very first dispute should state that the information on your credit report is INACCURATE and needs to be investigated immediately. On your second dispute, you can be bolder and change your reason to THIS ACCOUNT IS NOT MINE or, if it’s just a matter of taking off any delinquent payment history on an account that is still open, you’d say something like I’VE NEVER BEEN LATE. (This only applies to OPEN accounts that you still are paying on; if the account is closed or in collections, use the THIS ACCOUNT IS NOT MINE route.) Remember, this is your SECOND letter if the stuff doesn’t change on your credit reports from the first letter. IMPORTANT TIP: If you have the time to write your letters out by hand – even if it’s only for the first round of letters – write them out BY HAND to get better results. This requires a human being (instead of a machine or computer) to go through your file at the bureau and Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 25Credit Millionaire statistically more stuff will fall off using this strategy than by using a neatly typed or printed letter. Here’s a sample of what your first letter would look like: [DATE] [YOUR NAME] [YOUR STREET ADDRESS] [YOUR CITY, STATE, ZIP CODE] Equifax Information Services LLC PO Box 740256 Atlanta, GA 30374-0256 Attention Legal Department: Recently, I received my credit report from your company. After reviewing it, I found that the information you are providing on some items contains not only invalid and incomplete information, but both inaccurate and incorrect information as well. As you know, all incorrect and inaccurate information MUST be IMMEDIATELY REMOVED from my credit report. I attempted to contact the below creditor(s) listed below and received NO response to my request. As per federal law and the FDCPA, regulation under the following 15 U.S.C. § 1792 et seq.15 U.S.C. § 1692g, Validation of Debts, creditors are required to provide this information within 30 days upon request or release the invalidated debt information from my credit report. I am including PROOF that each creditor received the notification more than 30 days ago and DID NOT respond nor did they remove the item(s) listed on my credit report. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 26Credit Millionaire Account Name: [NAME OF CREDITOR AS LISTED ON CREDIT REPORT] Type: Revolving - Account: [ACCOUNT NUMBER] Amount: [AMOUNT OF DEBT BEING REPORTED] I attempted to verify this debt and received NO RESPONSE from the above company (see attached proof of this verification.) According to FEDERAL LAW, this creditor had 30 days from the date of my request to validate the debt and they failed to provide any information concerning this debt. This debt is NOT mine and needs to be removed immediately from my credit report. If you ignore this request or provide an insufficient or incomplete response I will have no other choice but to contact my State Congressional Representative, who will forward this matter promptly to the State Attorney General and Federal Trade Commission for urgent attention and please know that this letter of dispute is now time stamped. In the event that you continue to list the disputed item on my credit report I will find it necessary to file suit against your company for actual damages and punitive damages under the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Because the Fair Credit Reporting Act provides concurrent jurisdiction in federal and state courts, I shall elect to use my residency county and state as jurisdiction to bring appropriate action against your company. While I prefer not to litigate, I will use the courts as needed to enforce my rights under the Fair Credit Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 27Credit Millionaire Reporting Act. I have already filed complaints against the creditors listed above with the Attorney General in their states as well as with other pertinent and applicable law enforcement entities. I look forward to an uneventful resolution of this matter. Thank You in Advance, [YOUR NAME] Current Address: [YOUR CURRENT ADDRESS] Previous Address: [YOUR PRIOR ADDRESS IF LESS THAN 2 YEARS] SSN# [YOUR SS #] D.O.B. [YOUR DOB] You’ll notice that this first letter indicates that the information is INACCURATE. The second letter will either state that the account is NOT YOURS (if the account is closed) or that you’ve NEVER BEEN LATE (if the account is still open and active). You’ll have to pick one before sending out your second letter which – as you recall – won’t be until a good 35 to 45 days go by from the date you dropped your first dispute in the mail. Always SIGN you dispute letters. Include any addresses that you lived at within the past 2 years. To make sure they do not delay the process, include a copy of your driver’s license and 1 or 2 utility bills showing your name and current address. During times like the holidays when the bureaus are short-staffed, the bureaus will try tricks like rejecting your dispute letter based on stating that it looks like a “fraudulent” Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 28Credit Millionaire or fake letter from you and they’ll insist on wasting time in the dispute process by demanding a copy of your driver’s license and up to 2 utility bills showing your current address. So, in order to cut through the chase, just include this stuff with your first dispute letter to ensure that they don’t play games with you during your first dispute letter round. Chances are you’ll have multiple accounts to dispute at a time. Pile them all in one letter. You only have to send ONE letter for all of your disputes with each bureau. Remember, there are 3 bureaus so 3 letters total will go out with each round of letters you mail. Once your letters go out, mark it down in your log – include the date, the creditors you’re disputing against, and an open space for the result you’ll receive in the mail – and then just wait your 30 days. That’s all you can do on the dispute process for now. The Results Are In…What’s Next? It’ll either show that each disputed account was REMOVED or that it was UPDATED. Sometimes it’ll show that it’s still under investigation if they’re waiting on receiving paperwork from the creditor or collection agency and the 30 days isn’t quite up yet. Removed means the account ceases to exist on your credit report as if it never existed. This is great! This means that the whole thing is gone. Updated means that they just “updated” the information (which, in many cases, is exactly the same as it was) and that they aren’t removing the account off your credit report. Pending or still under investigation means that they are still waiting. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 29Credit Millionaire Once the 30 days are up, it’s time to roll up your sleeves for the second set of 3 letters (one for each bureau) to dispute the negative accounts that have remained on your credit. It’ll be within 35 to 45 days from the date you mailed off your first set of letters for when your next set of letters will be mailed. Your second set of letters may look something like this: [DATE] [YOUR NAME] [YOUR STREET ADDRESS] [YOUR CITY/STATE/ZIP CODE] [CREDIT BUREAU] [BUREAU ADDRESS] [BUREAU CITY/STATE/ZIP CODE] RE: Investigation Not Done Properly To Whom It May Concern; It has come to my attention that on my credit report you still have the following adverse account(s) listed on my credit report: NAME OF CREDITOR PARTIAL ACCOUNT NUMBER (as shown on report) AMOUNT OF DELIQUENCY This/These is/are NOT my account(s). Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 30Credit Millionaire Therefore, I need the following information from you: ✓ My signature showing that I approved/opened this/these revolving credit account(s) ✓ My signature on receipt showing that $[AMOUNT] worth of products/services authorized by me for this/these account(s) If you cannot show me all of the above information as requested, then please remove this account from my credit report immediately. As per federal law and the FDCPA, regulation under the following 15 U.S.C. § 1792 et seq.15 U.S.C. § 1692g, Validation of Debts, you are required to provide this information within 30 days upon request or release the invalidated debt information from my credit report. Sincerely, [YOUR NAME] [YOUR SSN AND DOB] Another note, you can now send this SAME LETTER to the creditor (just with the creditor’s name and address information at the top of the page instead of the credit bureaus’ address) at the same time as your second round of letters goes out to the bureaus. However, when sending this to the creditor or collection agency, make sure that you send it via CERTIFIED MAIL. Make a copy of the letter and wait until somebody SIGNS for the letter. The USPS will mail back the green certified mail card to you Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 31Credit Millionaire showing the wet signature of someone at the creditor’s office signing for your letter. (This will come in use later on.) Disputing Inquiries There are two (2) types of inquiries: “hard” and “soft” inquiries. A “hard” inquiry will take up to 2 FICO points off your credit score. A “soft” inquiry takes 0 FICO points off your credit score. You are only concerned with “hard” inquiries because they chisel off 2 points per inquiry and remain on your credit reports for 2 solid years. What is an inquiry? When you apply for credit – whether it’s a credit card application or loan application – your credit is pulled for the purposes of the lender or creditor deciding if you’re credit worthy enough for them to offer credit to you. This is a “hard” inquiry and, again, takes up to 2 FICO points off your FICO score each time you apply for something. A “soft” inquiry is a “pre-screened” credit offer that you might receive in the mail to offer you a credit card or loan. These DO NOT affect your FICO score and do not have to be disputed to have them removed. Yes, you CAN dispute hard inquiries but ONLY with Experian. And it needs to be in a SEPARATE LETTER than with your adverse account dispute letters. Transunion and Equifax won’t accept dispute letters for hard inquiries and will refer you to disputing the inquiry directly with the creditor that pulled your credit. You can waste your time doing this…or not. That’s up to you. Just disputing with Experian alone (which is the main credit bureau above the others) would be enough to boost your FICO to the point where you can gain some major FICO Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 32Credit Millionaire points to get the FICO score you want which – in case your forgot – needs to be at or above 720 (middle score). This is how it can benefit you to dispute your hard inquiries with only Experian. Say your FICO scores look like this: Transunion – 682 Equifax – 668 Experian – 670 You can see that your “mid” score is the one in the middle or, in this example, 670. Say you have 10 disputes removed from your Experian credit report, giving you 20 points immediately. This will BOOST your Experian FICO to 690. You immediately have a higher “mid” score because it’s now 682 instead of 670! This is huge because many creditors will base credit decisions on your “mid” score and, by ONLY working with getting the inquiries off just your Experian report, you change your mid-FICO score without doing anything with the inquiries on the other 2 credit reports. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 33Credit Millionaire Chapter Four Fighting Creditors A s I mentioned in the last chapter, in your second round of letters to the credit bureaus, you can start sending dispute letters to the creditors or collection agencies that have remained as negative accounts on your credit reports. The critical part of this is to NOT be a cheap skate and to actually send out a certified letter to the actual creditor or the credit collection agency. You’ll state that you do not believe the account is your debt and that you need proof that it’s your debt. You demand that they send you proof of the debt within a 30 day time frame as per the law. There’s a reason that you send this CERTIFIED instead of signature confirmation: I actually don’t like to do the electronic signature. I like to get the one that has the green card that comes back to me in the mail so I have a wet signature on a card. A copy of this green card along with a copy of the letter sent in the envelope WILL go to the credit bureau at a later time. If the creditor does not respond within the 30 day time frame, you take the letter and a copy of the green card that you received in the mail with their signature on it and you send mail that to the credit bureau. This will be on a separate letter that will NOT include any other disputes or credit accounts on it except for the one that you have shown on the green certified card with the wet signature. In the letter to the credit bureau, you simply state that you send the demand letter to the creditor or collection agency (and inform them to “see attached” for proof of this) and they DID NOT RESPOND, as per what the law requires. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 34Credit Millionaire But what if they DID respond? Here’s the part that most people don’t know. When the creditor responds, 99.99% of the time it’s via REGULAR MAIL with no signature requirement or confirmation. So…who is to say that you ever received it at all? After all, maybe it got “lost” in the mail or mis-delivered to your neighbor’s house by accident. Right? Bottom line: you tell the credit bureau that NOTHING WAS EVER RECEIVED and you mail the dispute letter with the proof of your certified mail receipt anyway! If you think about it anybody could write a letter saying, “Yeah, Joe Blow owes me $3,000 but there's no sales contract and there's no proof that Joe Blow actually had an account or authorized an account be opened at any point in the past.” This is why it becomes YOUR job – when the credit reporting bureau comes back, refusing to remove the delinquency off your credit report – to make your next step is to then send a certified letter directly to the person or company posting the delinquency on your report with the letter I had outlined about how you do not believe this is your account and/or the account details are inaccurate therefore please send proof that it is your account. They're required to respond within 30 days by law. Many of them will not respond or they will not respond with the proper documentation. (I’ve had some creditors respond with an “invoice” or something equally as irrelevant and “not legal” as far as a contract goes.) You then go back to the credit reporting agency at this point and you send them a copy of the green card that you received with their signature and a copy of the letter, with the new letter to the credit reporting bureau stating that they refused to respond to your request. (You never mention that you received anything at all no matter WHAT you actually Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 35Credit Millionaire received.) What will usually happen is sometimes the credit reporting bureau will remove it from your report instantly without any further follow up to the delinquency posting company. Most of the time they will send a new letter to the credit company asking them further details about your so- called credit collections account. What About Attempting to Remove a Bankruptcy Off the Credit Reports? After two years, there is a possibility that you can try to have your bankruptcy removed. It is the same process as you would use for having any other delinquency removed. You state that there is an inaccurate reporting on your credit report. By law the credit reporting bureau does have to go to the county where your bankruptcy was recorded and ask for the documentation. If they fail to provide the documentation then it will come off your credit report. You can also try to do the same process yourself by asking the county to provide proof that you had filed a bankruptcy in your county because you believe the information is inaccurate. And you do the same thing with the certified letter requesting that they sign for your letter and requesting for the information showing that proof of your bankruptcy. Some counties will not be able to provide the information because a lot of times certain documents go on microfiche after 2 or 3 years and they do not have access to the documents and cannot provide them to you or the credit reporting bureau then it does come off your credit report. To have a bankruptcy removed from your credit reports is a very rare thing. It doesn’t happen all the time but it does happen once in awhile. (You won’t know unless you Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 36Credit Millionaire try.) When people do file a dispute against their bankruptcy there is a possibility to have it removed, I would say 10 % (or less) of the time provided that it’s been discharged for 2 years or more. If you try to dispute it earlier than 2 years, the chances are you’re not going to be successful with having it removed. A lot of people don’t even try to get their bankruptcy removed because they don’t believe that they can but there is a always a chance, especially if your bankruptcy was filed in a county that isn’t really sophisticated with a lot of computers or was a small kind of town that weren't very good with records. Why wait 2 years? Because this is the typical timeframe in which counties will “purge” their records off- property (and OUT of the courthouse) which gives you a distinct advantage when the bureaus send them a letter and the records are no longer there. (The records are usually in a computer system by then.) What if you don’t get the bankruptcy removed? It doesn’t matter. Many “second chance” companies will offer you credit almost immediately after your bankruptcy is discharged with the court. Take them up on their offers to start rebuilding your credit. The rest of the “work” with the bankruptcy – aside from rebuilding your credit and paying ALL of your bills on time – is letting time distance the bankruptcy as it falls into your past. After about 5 years, the bankruptcy won’t affect you as much as you think. When my bankruptcy fell off at the 10-year mark, I was disappointed to find that my FICO didn’t go up that much – maybe 15 to 20 points maximum – because I had done so much work to that point to rebuild my credit with new credit accounts; it turned out that my bankruptcy wasn’t affecting my credit much at all anymore. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 37Credit Millionaire How Many Delinquent/Adverse/Negative Accounts Can You Expect to Have REMOVED From Your Credit Reports? Right off the bat, you’re probably going to get about 30% to 50% of the negative accounts and hard inquiries removed just for the asking. (Please note that, again, only Experian will remove inquiries upon request.) Another thing: make sure all your personal and contact information is up to date on your credit report. If there are bad phone numbers, if there are additional social security numbers that were never yours that were reported, or if there is any other inaccurate information (including bogus or old addresses), make sure all of that stuff is updated and removed by sending a separate letter (than the dispute letters). If there are addresses that are over ten years old, have them removed as well. If you’re a woman, married, and notice that your former name(s) still appear after 10 years, have this information updated as well. Make sure that everything is updated, especially your phone numbers, because many times the bureaus will put a “security freeze” on your credit reports while they’re investigating your dispute claims. (And you should REQUEST that they keep the freeze on for as long as possible because this STOPS creditors from causing further damage to your credit reports during this time.) By having an accurate home address and phone numbers (including home and cell phone), it allows for your to circumvent the security freeze when applying for credit. However, if your phone numbers are all wrong, when applying for credit, the credit bureaus will refuse to release your credit report to the inquiring creditor. This won’t help you rebuild credit if you Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 38Credit Millionaire can’t get credit. So, again, make sure your information is up to date at all time! “This All Sounds Complicated; Should I Just PAY Somebody Else to Do All This FOR Me?” Just begin with the process, stick with the process, do the process over and over again. And keep a log of your progress. Do not pay another company to do this for you because you can do all of this yourself. You are fully capable of doing this yourself because it’s so easy to do. Out of all the courses, systems, books, and seminar topics I’ve covered over the past 15 years, THIS ONE (the topic of credit) has yielded the highest success rate among my students because it’s so freaking EASY to do. If you think you can’t do it, change your mindset and thing again. YOU CAN DO THIS! Guaranteed! Additional Resources for You For a powerful complete system that can help you use unorthodox and “barely legal” credit secrets to help get you over that 720 mid-FICO score as quickly as possible, check out my website at www.RebuildPersonalCredit.com. We also offer a credit repair service but on a case-by- case basis ONLY. You’d have to call our office at 661-295- 5050 to find out if you can sign up for the service. We only offer new openings for new credit files a couple of times per year to make sure we keep our case file load down to offer the best possible service to our students whose files we’re working on. If we cannot take your file, don’t worry. Visit the website above and you’ll know exactly how to create stellar personal credit on your own within no time at all! Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 39Credit Millionaire Chapter Five Beginning Business Credit Building A lot of people have some confusion about the difference between personal and corporate or business credit. The problem with personal credit is that no matter how perfect your credit score you’ll be severely LIMITED to the amount of credit you’ll have access to. The bottom line is that if you want to see “the big time” or if you want to establish long-term or huge amounts of wealth, you MUST have access to unsecured business credit…and LOTS of it! Establishing ONLY personal credit is fine if you just want to get a decent car at a great interest rate or if you want to purchase your own house to live in. But that’s about it. If you have any aspirations as an entrepreneur to become either a real estate investor to purchase apartment buildings or commercial retail storefronts…or if you want to get a business line of credit for maybe an Internet business you want to get started or a different type of business, you MUST have solid unsecured business credit. Maybe you always dreamed of starting a clothing line but you can’t get a business loan for it because you didn’t know the steps ahead of time to take to build business credit in the first place. Who knew that it was required to build business credit long before you started a business? Reality is, personal credit can’t take you where you want to go if you want to become an entrepreneur or if you want to become a huge real estate investor. In fact, a lot of people who have experienced investing in real estate know that personal credit can only take you so far. If you have an Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 40Credit Millionaire 800+ FICO score and you are trying to purchase a bunch of apartment buildings or even single-family residences (SFRs), you’ll quickly notice that by your 4th or 5th property, the banks will stop lending you money on your personal credit. You’ll “hit a wall.” And it doesn’t even matter if you have a perfect personal credit score because your debt to income ratio will be a lot lower, disallowing you to qualify for anymore property acquisitions. Bottom line: even if you have perfect A+++ credit, your opportunities are still quite limited if you want to seize all of the fiscal entrepreneurial opportunities that are out there for you to build optimal wealth. For instance, say you’d like to acquire a lot of apartment buildings or maybe you want to start a business and you need a start-up loan. You will want a business line of credit (BLOC). Maybe you’ll want to lease a building or a warehouse for your business. You need business credit for that, too. In fact, if you use your personal credit for any kind of business matters including purchasing real estate or trying to get a business loan, this is considered completely foolish on your part and you should stop doing that. If you have good perfect credit, you should not be getting business loans or real estate with that credit. You should be getting separate business lines of credit in order to be able to make those purchases. What If You Have Bad Personal Credit? Can You Start Building Business Credit Yet? If you have bad personal credit, start fixing it. Start rebuilding it with new credit cards and perhaps an auto loan or lease. Even if you have to get a secured credit card to start Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 41Credit Millionaire rebuilding, so be it. Get a secured credit card. It only takes a few months to fix and rebuild your credit by following what I mentioned in prior chapters. Corporate credit is a little bit different. Banks look at corporate credit differently than they do personal credit because personal credit is looked at as an individual having to pay off a balance of some kind based on a frivolous personal purchase. For example, if you get a personal credit card and your unsecured credit limit is $5,000, the bank that issues the credit card is looking at you as an individual who is getting this credit card and they are looking at you as an individual who has a job in which you derive an income to use to pay off any charges on the card. Can you pay off the credit card balance? Do you have enough money coming in? What if you over-extend yourself when you only have a fixed personal income? When you are applying for a credit card as a business, you have a different necessity level. Not only are you NOT looked at as a personal individual who is getting a credit card for the purchase of personal items with the card, the bank looks at the application differently as a corporation or business applying. They look at you as someone who is going to be buying business items with the credit card such as marketing, inventory, or other things to ultimately be used to generate business proceeds. Not only will your unsecured business credit card typically start off with a credit limit of usually a minimum of $10,000 but if you happen to have the crappiest worst personal credit profile, you can still establish clean, really good, solid business credit within about 90 days by working at it. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 42Credit Millionaire For larger unsecured credit limits, this will usually take about 6 months to qualify for $20,000 to $50,000 unsecured business credit card limits. You can also qualify for these business lines of credit or BLOCs. These are revolving lines of credit. You can also use your business credit to qualify for real estate loans, commercial real estate loans, and it is a different ball game. At this point you will be playing the ball game on the same level as these multimillionaires and multibillionaires who are utilizing these same credit techniques. And so you can get wealthy using other people’s money which is the whole goal. What is Your Wealth-Building Strategy? I don’t know what your overall wealth-building strategy is. I don’t know if it is to buy real estate or if it is to buy a business or start a business from scratch. Or maybe it’s to start an Internet business or start a clothing line. Whatever your goals are, you can get rich by using other people’s money or OPM. People like Donald Trump and people that are multi- multibillionaires and multimillionaires also have gotten as rich as they are by using other people’s money. Do you think that when Donald Trump is looking at a piece of real estate – do you think he is writing a check out of his business or personal checking account to pay for that piece of real estate? The answer is no. Hell no! In fact, I don’t even think he puts in a down payment down using his own funds. If he does, it’s very bare minimal becaues he usually uses partners and using OPM. He uses his business credit profile and his reputation. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 43Credit Millionaire Donald Trump, as you know, has filed for bankruptcy several times and yet he is still able to tap into these powerful business credit secrets because he knows the ropes. He knows how the whole thing works. Just because you are a little guy out there in the world doesn’t mean that you shouldn’t know or use these secrets because you can tap in on building wealth through OPM. I do recommend that you start this entire process with an end-goal in mind with a streamlined plan in how you plan on using OPM for wealth-building. You don’t have to know absolutely everything you’ll be using the funds for right off the bat but you need an initial plan in how you will start to use this OPM to begin your wealth-building journey. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 44Credit Millionaire Chapter Six Quick and Easy Business Credit Building Y ears ago you had to use Dun & Bradstreet (DNB) to build business credit. I always thought this was a sucky system because after the 1980s, DNB became a sketchy company at best. They went from being a highly respected cornerstone of the business credit world to a shyster operation demanding money from small business owners in exchange for allowing them to build their own credit profile using the DNB system. I always hated using DNB and found myself frequently muttering to myself, “Why can’t the business credit system be just like personal credit where the credit profile is built automatically by just using credit? And the way it would be reported would be just the same as with personal credit: through the company’s ‘Social Security Number’ or the company EIN (Employer Identification Number)?” And almost as if the gods heard me, Experian Business suddenly became a major player in the business credit building community, pretty much forcing DNB out on what we call “short credit” (or getting smaller credit amounts). Unfortunately, DNB seems to still be a major (and required) player when it comes to gaining access to what we call “large credit,” namely in the form of BLOCs (business lines of credit), especially if you’re looking for unsecured amounts of money in the low- to mid-6 figures or higher. For the purposes of THIS conversation, let’s focus on the “quick-and-easy” route to business credit which is why we’ll be focusing on Experian Business. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 45Credit Millionaire Experian Business and How It Can Change Your Life As briefly mentioned, Experian Business reports are built through the USE of credit and reported much the same as your personal credit is reported except using your company EIN. All new companies (including a sole proprietorship, LLC, or corporation) need to apply for an EIN through the IRS.gov website once their business documents come in. This is, again, equivalent to your personal Social Security Number and this is how your business will build its own credit via the Experian Business system. In case you didn’t read between the lines, you’ll have to form a corporation to start building business credit. I never recommend that anyone function as a sole proprietorship because it opens you up to personal legal liability which you can easily avoid by simply spending a couple hundred dollars to form a corporation. (I recommend a service called Amerilawyer at www.Amerilawyer.com to form your corporation. They don’t form in all 50 states but if you happen to be in California, Nevada, Arizona, Illinois, Georgia, Florida, New Jersey, New York, or Delaware then I strongly recommend that you use this service. ALWAYS form your corporation in your HOME state and not anywhere else to be fully compliant with all government agencies.) The company that forms your corporation can also get you an EIN for a modest fee between $35 to $50. But can save this money by simply going to the IRS.gov website, typing in “EIN online” in the IRS search bar, and getting the EIN instantly. Yes, you MUST have your corporate documents FIRST before doing this. And yes, you must be at a computer that’s attached to a printer so you can print out Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 46Credit Millionaire your EIN (since you’ll need it later if you want to open a business bank account). And finally, all corporations are “born” as C corporations automatically (unless you are filing an LLC). In order to NOT be subject to double-taxation laws, it’s best to change your C corporation to an S corporation. Once you receive your corporate resolution paperwork and your EIN, you can then go to the IRS.gov website, type “form 2553” into their search bar, and follow their instructions on filling out the form. Fax or mail it into the IRS as per their instructions. This will change your corporation to an S corporation where the profit “flow-down” will come to you at your personal income tax level 100% (instead of the corporation being taxed first on profits and THEN you get the remaining balance). But…What About Forming an LLC Instead? I don’t know how or why people are so hell-bent on forming an LLC when you can and should ONLY form an LLC if you have a PHYSICAL business partner to operate your business with you. And even then, it’s still not recommended and I’ll explain why. First of all, the IRS has changed the rules on what was referred to as a “single-member” LLC. It used to be that you could form an LLC with only one member (you) on the filed paperwork. While many states still allow for the filing of a single-member LLC, the IRS no longer will accept tax returns on single-member filings. So, unless you want to get a nice little letter from the IRS demanding that you (a) add a partner to your LLC to make it a legal LLC entity, or (b) change the entity to a corporation, you may just want to form Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 47Credit Millionaire an S corporation and be done with it. They do, after all, afford the exact same corporate veil protections. So, say you do have a business partner or spouse that you want to be part of the business. Shouldn’t you then file as an LLC? I don’t recommend it. Here’s why: when going for bigger loans such as real estate mortgages, all lenders require that ALL partners on the LLC have their credit pulled AND they must ALL end up on the loan. When doing a lot of smaller properties under the “recourse loan” structure (where the loan ends up on your personal credit report), you’ll “hit a wall” after your 5th to 7th property because you’ll have too many loans under your person. So, if you are in this with a partner, you’ll BOTH hit the wall at the same time. However, if YOU have your OWN corporation and your spouse has his OWN corporation, you’ll get your loans separately for your real estate deals and you’ll be able to get DOUBLE the amount of property deals because you won’t be on any loans together. Make sense? But…Your Property Deals Will Be LLCs So…How Does THAT Work? Your real estate deals will all be in LLCs formed in the state in which the property deal is located. The reason this works is because YOU are ONE ENTITY on your real estate LLC and YOUR COMPANY (in which you use to build your business credit) is the OTHER ENTITY on the LLC. Yes, a company is a legal entity just like any other breathing human being and CAN be a partner on an LLC. This is how you will use your business credit to help get loans on real estate property deals. You will kick in your personal credit (because it is, after all, great since you fixed Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 48Credit Millionaire and rebuilt it, right?) and your “umbrella” corporation that you started building business credit with will ALSO kick in its credit to help get the best possible mortgage interest rates on your mortgages for your cash flowing investment property deals. How to Start Getting Unsecured Business Credit Now that we covered some of the basics, we can now talk about how to gain access to unsecured business credit, namely using the Experian Business credit-building system. Once you get your mid-FICO at least OVER 700 then you can start applying for unsecured business credit cards. You’ll hit websites such as American Express and Chase Ink to apply for business credit cards. Perhaps easiest, go to Costco and apply for the Citibank Visa business credit card on the spot. They tend to be a little more lenient because they are working with Costco. I also recommend that you start a business checking account at Bank of America. Then while opening your account, apply for the unsecured business credit card that they offer. Once you get a few business credit cards, START USING THEM. The more you use them, the more the activity is reported to Experian Business. It begins building your business credit profile AUTOMATICALLY simply by USING and PAYING OFF the credit cards. Do this for 6 months and start applying for more credit. Get another American Express card, maybe the Delta card if you like to fly a lot. Get another Bank of America card. Keep applying for unsecured business credit cards. Keep building your business credit. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 49Credit Millionaire Now, this SHOULD go without saying but you MUST pay all your credit cards ON TIME. This is the only way to keep building a stellar business credit profile. The cool thing about all of this is that when you buy things on your unsecured business credit cards, none of this activity is reported to your personal credit. So, you can’t lose FICO score points (as you would using your personal credit cards) by going over that 45% credit threshold. This means that when using more than 45% of your available personal credit, your FICO score goes down because it looks like you are becoming “over-extended” on your credit borrowing activity. But, when using your business credit cards, even if you’re “maxed out” it won’t affect your personal FICO score in this way. Beware of the Scams! Cash is a problem sometimes for people getting started out in business or investing. So, how powerful would it be for you to finally start that business if you have instant access to an unsecured business line of credit of, say, $100,000 or $200,000, which is possible to get within a very short period of time of starting to build your initial business credit profile. Now I want you to be careful in how you understand how this works because there are a lot of companies out there selling stuff on building this type of business credit quickly. Many of these programs and services are by fly-by-night companies offering anything from a cheesy e-book for $39 to attorneys asking for $15,000 to be able to set up some credit profile for you INCLUDING heavy monthly fees to build a business credit profile or consult you in some way. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 50Credit Millionaire Most of these are outright scams. You should be aware of this. You don’t want some cheapy little e-book that’s not going to tell you anything and you don’t want to go with the expensive attorney who is probably just going to charge an arm and a leg for barely doing any work at all for you. If you don’t understand exactly how to gain access to this kind of corporate credit leverage then it’s kind of pointless to go through the motions of setting up all of this corporate credit and then not know who to get the money you need to build wealth. First of all, you’ll be able to gain almost instant access to unsecured business credit but it’ll all be in the form of unsecured business credit cards. To qualify for BLOCs, you’ll have to have a FUNCTIONING company of at least 2 years with tax returns that is actually showing business activity (and NOT just a bunch of zeros). You CAN, however, qualify for “small” BLOCs almost right away provided that they are UNDER $50,000 to start (depending on the lender or bank). For example, if you go to Bank of America, you can start with their $25,000 BLOC and they won’t ask for much paperwork if you have a decent personal FICO score. Since a BLOC is revolving, you keep using the money then pay it back. Then you’ll have access to that same money over and over again. You will keep doing this (borrowing and repaying back) for 6 months then ask them to raise the amount they’ve given you. If you are more credit challenged on the personal side, you should start off with Wells Fargo for a couple of different reasons: (1) they are the only mainstream bank that offers a SECURED business credit card which you can use to start building your business credit with (until you can Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 51Credit Millionaire qualify for an unsecured business credit card, and (2) they have lower BLOCs of $10,000 to start which, again, are much easier to qualify for if you are still trying to get your personal credit in order. What About Start-Up Business Loans? Your very best bet is to find private lenders (simply by Googling them) that specialize in unsecured loans for new businesses. There are quite a few of them that can lend you money. But, again, this better actually be for the purposes of wealth-building such as getting the down payment money for a piece of cash flowing real estate or starting an actual business. You don’t want to get business credit for the purposes of purchasing personal frivolous stuff for yourself. I had a few customers call our office and only want to get business credit to purchase expensive cars. On top of that, they blatantly admitted to wanting to default on the loans right away. This is NOT how you build long-term wealth. How stupid and short-sighted could one be? To screw over a bank for $50,000 to $100,000 is REALLY STUPID considering that you can use this money to help you build a multi-million-dollar empire in the long run. Of course, you can’t fix stupid, can you? Why Do Loans and Credit Cards Require a Personal Guarantee Now? They just do! There’s no way around it unless you don’t want the credit. If you plan on defaulting to the point where you don’t want to sign a personal guarantee then you’re not quite understanding how to build long-term Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 52Credit Millionaire wealth as I indicated above. And if you’re not willing to take the business risk to borrow money knowing that nothing is guaranteed out there then you always have the option of not taking any risks at all and, of course, not building any wealth for yourself either. The choice is yours. To be clear, business credit does not replace the need to have good personal credit. Even though business credit will help you overcome some of the obstacles that you’re having with your personal credit, it won’t solve all of your personal credit problems. I do strongly recommend that you do implement a system to start rebuilding your personal credit because if you have rebuilt personal credit and outstanding business credit, you’ll literally be unstoppable in the business and wealth-building world. There will be absolutely nothing in this world that you won’t be able to do, whether you’re starting a new business, purchasing real estate, or whatever you decide that you want to do to build wealth for yourself. Again, I want to stress here is that some people think that building outstanding business credit will be able to allow them some of the unneeded indulgences in life, like buying a new Mercedes Benz or other things they seriously can’t pay for and that’s not what this is for either. If this is what you’re thinking, get it out of your mind right now. Remember, when you are building business credit, you’re doing for the purposes of building business wealth, and of course, building your overall personal wealth. You’re not doing it to keep up with the Jones’s. You’re not doing it to buy the $2 million mansion on the hill. You’re not doing it to buy the big screen TV. You’re not doing any of that stuff that’s non-business related. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 53Credit Millionaire Chapter Seven Ideas for Wealth-Building with Credit S ome of the things that you can do when you have business credit is that you can borrow lines of credit from the bank, on behalf of the business to either buy inventory, or to get equipment for your business. You can purchase real estate. You can actually lease a warehouse or an office for the business, under the business credit. There are a lot of different things you can do. You can lease vehicles that are specifically used for the business. You can lease or purchase computers and computer equipment under the business. There are a lot of different things that you can do for a business. So if you really don’t know what you’re using the business credit for at this point in your life, that’s fine. Start building it anyway so that when you do get that killer kick-ass business idea, you’ll have a way of funding it when you’re ready to get started. Get Credit BEFORE You Actually Need It It’s always better to set your credit up and get the business credit rolling in now and then you can find a use for it later. It’s always worse when you need the business credit and you don’t have access to it. Now is the time to set up business credit, even if you really don’t have a specific use for it at this time because you will at some point. Every single person in this world has either wanted to start their own business – or maybe even selling on eBay or Amazon – where they wanted to buy electronic inventory and they needed to buy it in pallets (usually from China), Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 54Credit Millionaire instead of one by one (where they’d never get a good wholesale price), and it would‘ve been handy to have the business credit to be able to start that enterprise but they just didn’t have the right resources. The difference between people who are super wealthy and the people that just never make it is access to OPM. I’m not going to say that across the board every single person that’s a multimillionaire or a multibillionaire has borrowed their way to a fortune because that would not be true. But the vast majority of them had some kind of financial help in the beginning (and even during their wealth-building journey), whether they borrowed money from their relatives to start their business and get it off the ground. Every new business owner needs some kind of cash to get started. I don’t know of any business where someone’s needed absolutely nothing to get started or to expand in a business. Yes, there are businesses out there that need very little money to start. I’ve heard of cases where people have only started with a couple hundred dollars in their business. (I’ve even started a multi-million-dollar business starting with only a few hundred bucks!) But let me tell you, when you do start a business with just a couple hundred dollars, no matter what your success ratio is, it takes a very, very long time to be able to build that business up to have a sizeable cash flow. I don’t know what kind of business you’re in or what type of business you WANT to be in but that doesn’t matter at this point. What I’m saying is simple: you can have a super small eBay or Amazon business, for instance, and maybe you would like to expand it but you don’t have enough money to purchase additional inventory. Typically you’d have to wait until you could profit from some of the Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 55Credit Millionaire sales from your current inventory before you can actually run out and buy any major inventory. But by having access to business credit, you can immediately access the same amount of wholesale inventory as what the “big boys” have access to. Millions of Dollars in eBay and Amazon Profits Starting with a “Spark” from Unsecured Business Credit Let me give you an example of a really good friend of mine. She has a very, very successful eBay and Amazon business but it wasn’t always successful. Not by a long shot. In fact, in the very beginning it was faltering. By faltering, I mean it was faltering to such a ridiculous degree that I had to ask her why she was bothering at all. At the time, she would have make more money at a 9-to-5 job for minimum wage then what she was making on eBay with the amount of time and effort that she put into it. She was working like 12 hours a day listing things and she did not have the capital to increase her inventory. She was selling children’s clothing through eBay at that time and so I told her that she should have a method of building her business credit which she did not have. She did not even have a corporation set up. She was doing everything under a DBA, which I never recommend, especially if you have an actual functioning business. You should never be operating under sole proprietorship, ever. This is because it exposes you to too much personal and legal risk. I ended up showing her the very simple process of getting started with a corporation and showed her the very simple step-by-step process of building credit from that point forward. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 56Credit Millionaire Within just 90 days, she was able to go from absolutely having no business credit whatsoever to accessing $120,000 in unsecured credit. By the way, her personal credit wasn’t very good either. Regardless, I was able to start her off with a very simple step-by-step credit building process and within 90 days she was able to get rolling with both with unsecured business credit cards and with a small business line of credit through her bank. With her business line of credit she rented a warehouse and bought a bunch of wholesale inventory. It turned out that she ordered two semi-trucks full of inventory where each was filled with a ton of pallets. Her investment in all this was over $100,000. I don’t know the exact figure. She decided to get out of the children’s clothing business and went into electronics instead, all purchased from China (using a website called www.Alibaba.com). She took the risk. I remember how excited she was but at the same time she was completely scared stiff and within a course of – it was a short period of time because she had people in her family that helped her list things and ship things and so forth. She actually ended up profiting a ridiculous sum of money in the realm of several hundred thousand dollars just from the sales of those initial pallets that she had received from her first injection of business credit. Unfortunately for most people that are small sellers on eBay or Amazon – or small vendors in any kind of industry selling on any type of platform – they do not have the access to the wholesale volume of product to be able to offer deals on specific items. Many times they cannot get a good enough deal to be able to turn around and sell it for any decent profit. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 57Credit Millionaire My friend happened to be able to access this unsecured business credit at a good time because this whole thing unfolded for her right before Christmas. She was able to line up her credit, buy her products, and take delivery of these pallets right before Christmas which is the optimal time to start selling electronics online. I can’t imagine how limited she would still be if she never built the business credit. If I had never told her how to build the business credit, she would have still been trying to sell children’s clothing using a little space in her garage, barely making any money. I also remember part of her garage had actually gotten flooded because of a really bad rain storm earlier that year and she had lost some of her inventory during this time. Without finding the secret to business credit, she would probably be in the same exact situation struggling to this day. But now she has a very, very prosperous business which just keeps doubling because of the demand. Her numbers last year were over $3 million in gross sales and she just purchased a 12,000 industrial warehouse for her business with – you guessed it – her built business credit. Keep in mind, she didn’t even start doing this until a few years ago and now here we are – 3 years later – and she’s a multi-millionaire who purchased a warehouse, purchased her own home, drives 2 luxury cars, and travels to the most exotic places you can imagine during her “slow” times (typically over the summer months). What’s possible for her is possible for everyone. The Type of Business to NOT Use Business Credit For Many people know by now that I’m not an advocate of network marketing or MLM schemes. I simply don’t Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 58Credit Millionaire believe in it. So, when building your business credit to ultimately use the funds for business-building or investing, I strongly suggest that you DO NOT have a plan in which you want to try building wealth with MLM. You’ll quickly find yourself in a huge debt (since rarely does anyone make money with network marketing) and you’ll have to find a way to pay it all back OR you’ll have to file for bankruptcy. Yes, starting a real business from scratch takes brains and a lot of hard work. This is why there’s what we call a “barrier of entry” meaning that not just anyone can pull it off. Since you should start a business for what I call “Aggressive Income,” you may want to start studying how business works before you embark upon any business endeavor because it won’t be helpful to you simply because you have access to unsecured cash to throw into your business. If anything, it’ll allow you to waste money (that isn’t even yours) by throwing it at a business idea that might never make any money. I want to stress to you, again, the importance of using this for the purpose of building a business and not for any personal gain. You are not going to be using business credit for personal means, including purchasing your personal home, personal vehicles for personal use, or anything like that. I want to stress that this is the fastest way for people to get into trouble with credit is when they start purchasing things that are unnecessary and for the purposes of personal use. In fact, that’s usually when people get into trouble with their personal credit as well. Another Business Success Story… Another story I want to share with you is about a lady that I knew long, long ago she has been a family friend of Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 59Credit Millionaire mine for many years. She was always trying to get into some kind of new business. She was actually in a MLM business and she was struggling like mad to make that business work. As I mentioned before, MLM isn’t where you should be at for building a business. I don’t know if you know a lot about multi- level marketing but my experience with it hasn’t really been 100% positive so far. If somebody could actually show me proof that they actually made a significant amount of money with MLM or network marketing, should me the proof. Otherwise it’s a sucky business model. When my good friend came up to me and was complaining that she could not make her NuSkin business work for nothing in the world, I sat down and patiently listened to her griping. That she been in for 6 years and she couldn’t make any money with it. I told her this: “You know it’s obviously not working. You’ve been in this business for 6 years now and you’re not seeing any kind of profits. Why are you still doing it?” The only amount of money that would come in would cover her required monthly auto ship product purchases; that’s all the money she made! She asked me, “Well, do you have any better ideas of what I can do to make money?” Of course I did! I just had to get down to what she wanted to do at her “passion level” to make sure she wasn’t just doing something for the money (since that gets old fast). She wanted to start a business selling her own branded cosmetic line. She wanted to create her own line of products that she made by hand. A year prior she had met this guy at a conference. He had a company that was able to formulate specific types of ingredients to be able to create a line of all- natural cosmetics (mostly foundations and mineral make-up) and she was really excited about the prospect of being able to do this because she knew she had the contacts. Her Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 60Credit Millionaire obstacle was that he was requiring an initial fee of like $30,000 to $50,000 just to be able to formulate a special foundation for her that she would be able to formulate for her line that she had. Plus, she wanted to hire an attorney to trademark a specific name for her line of cosmetics and that costs money too. Trademarks don’t cost a lot of money but when you are having an attorney set things up, it’s never cheap. She had this whole plan and I thought it was an excellent idea. I told her, “You know what, why don’t you build some business credit?” She had absolutely no idea what I was talking about. She said, “Business credit, what is that?” I told her, “Well, you know, obviously when you start a business you are going to start a corporation of some kind.” This is something she didn’t have being in the MLM business; at that time she didn’t really need a corporation so she knew absolutely nothing about it. I gave her just a very simple step-by-step plan on how to quickly build her business credit from scratch. It took her a little longer than most people that I coach on doing this to actually set up the business credit because she take it seriously or understand the power of what I was teaching her to do. Simple Steps Anyone Can Do to Get Started Her first step obviously was to start the corporation because she didn’t have one. The next step was to get the company EIN. I was able to determine based on her credit reports that her mid-FICO was over 740. This was good. Because her personal credit was so good, I had her start Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 61Credit Millionaire applying for business credit right away, namely with unsecured business credit cards like American Express. Within six months she was able to build a pretty good amount of business credit. Because she doubted the process so much, she wasn’t able to raise as much credit as many of my students who are really serious about doing this. But she did okay. She was able to get just under $100,000 in credit between business loans and business credit cards. It was definitely enough to get her started with paying the $50,000 fee to formulate her cosmetic ingredients, actually get an inventory, and she has ended up setting up a website once she got everything together. She later had the help of a marketing expert come in and was able to pay for the marketing expert through her business line of credit. So, what finally happened to her? She was able to start a successful small all-natural cosmetic company online and she is doing an exceptional job. Her numbers aren’t as good as what I think are a phenomenal business, but her profit levels are really good. Last time I talked to her, she puts in $50,000 in inventory a month and sells about $100,000 per month in product. She is okay with that. Her numbers are just over $1 million per year. And to think, she would have been still struggling with NuSkin, wondering why it’s not working while going to meeting after meeting after meeting, seeing these different MLM success stories and wondering why she can never be like that when the entire MLM system is stacked against the low-ranking sales rep. Now she has her own line of cosmetics. Lately she is talking about doing some make-up such as eyeliners, eyeshadows and lipstick among other things. She tries to do things along the lines of Rachel Perry. I don’t know if you are familiar with Rachel Perry but everything is Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 62Credit Millionaire all natural. Nothing in the ingredients that would damage the skin at all. She is all about doing everything natural. Her most exciting news is that she was able to put her products in 2 regions of Whole Foods so far. This was just late last year. She is actually doing really well and I can see that this company of hers has the potential of doing phenomenally well. She just doesn’t have a lot of business experience but now that she has the financial backing to be able to work her dreams in the manner that she sees fit, she actually is starting to have people that are experts come in and show her the ropes on how this works and so she is able to afford that now as opposed to before, when she did not have any business credit. As with most entrepreneurs starting out, she was unable to afford having experts and consultants come in to guide her through the process of developing a very profitable business. Now, because of OPM, she has this access. This is just another example of how someone was able to use business credit to become highly successful when they probably wouldn’t have been able to get very far in life without it. How Foreigners Can Use a U.S. Company One of the things that I wanted to also share with you is that if you are a foreign to the U.S. – in other words, you are not a US citizen and you want to set up a U.S. corporation to do business here in the United States – you can do that and I’ll show you how. There are many companies out there that will be able to set up a corporation for someone who is not part of the United States. If you are not an American citizen but you want to purchase real estate in the United States then you Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 63Credit Millionaire will have to start your “umbrella” corporation as a C corporation. This way the U.S. government can get their tax money (remember “double taxation”) before the money leaves the U.S. You are going to be required to have what is called a TIN. This is a Taxpayer Identification Number. You’ll need this to start your corporation and to get your EIN for your new corporation. Many foreigners don’t realize that they can partake in a lot of the opportunities that are available in the United States as long as they are able to set up your corporation properly, by U.S. standards, laws and regulations. There are a lot of corporation services that offer street addresses if you don’t have a U.S. mailing address. How to “Hide” Behind Your New Business Entity There are also services that shield your name from the corporation documents if you have other problems (and aren’t particularly foreign to the United States). For example, say you have a lot of personal problems as far as IRS liens against you or a bankruptcy and you don’t want anybody to know about the new business that you are setting up. You might want to consider some of the protection services that some of these corporation formation companies offer as far as using their name or their address on all of the corporate documents that are filed with the state to shield you from having anything publicly you as a company owner. If you are in any kind of divorce proceedings, you may want to hide your new company from prying eyes. Setting up a corporation for the purposes of credit is important but it can also be used as a tool to protect you from some of your other problems as well. Maybe someone sued you and you have a judgment against you personally. Maybe Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 64Credit Millionaire the IRS put a lien against you for whatever reason. Maybe you are going through a bankruptcy or a divorce and you have other legal or financial issues. Hide behind your new corporation! What a lot of people don’t understand is that the corporate “veil” (as they call it) protects you personally. But it’s also its own entity. This means that nobody can go after your new company for things you owe personally. Even though this is the case, it’s not particularly wise to have yourself out there front row and center when you are in the midst of something highly personal – say a divorce – where people are actively looking for assets and “hidden” things that you may have. As I said before, nobody can come after your company (a separate entity) for personal debts you owe. However, if you become profitable at any time in your new business, they will be the first people in line with their hand out to collect if they see that your business is making money. Take it from me – a person who has been under scrutiny of top-level organizations (including the government) – I can tell you what ANYONE can and CANNOT do to you. And I’ll say this one more time: a new corporation with an EIN is its OWN ENTITY. People and organizations who you owe money to personally CANNOT tap into the bank account for your business. It’s not legal! I recently had a disagreement with a student of mine who kept insisting that he shouldn’t include his last name (which wasn’t that unique) in the name of his corporation because he owed student loans. And he further told me that it was his CPA who advised him against this. First of all, I’ve known way too many CPAs who don’t really know their ass from a hole in the ground. Further, because this particular CPA told my student that the Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 65Credit Millionaire organization trying to collect his student loans could try to collect this debt from his new business, I DEFINITELY knew this CPA didn’t know his ass from a hole in the ground. I had to PAINSTAKINGLY explain (several times) to this student that no entity (including the government) can collect a personal debt from a brand new company that you own. A corporation is, after all, its own entity and is NOT responsible for paying your old debts. Now, there is a chance that any company or organization that you owe money to do a sweep every so often or they will try to say, “Okay, what does Joe Blow have in his bank account today?” But, again, if it’s a business bank account and the business itself is not part of the collections, nobody can lien the bank account for personal debts you owe. Of course, when you start making a lot of money, you’ll notice that people will start showing up to collect. If you have the money and you owe them, PAY THEM! Get them off your back. Debt is a very negative energy. The quicker you ditch it by making good on it, the better your overall karma will be anyway. What to Expect in the Near Future with Business, Credit, and the Economy Right now in this time in our history we are diving into another recession as I write this. Our last recession (The Great Recession) started back in 2008 (even though I saw signs of it in 2005). We pulled out of that one. Now we’re sinking into another recession. This one (I’m predicting) won’t be as bad or as long as the last recession. We have been going through a lot of government changes, especially pertaining to the United States (if you Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 66Credit Millionaire haven’t noticed). A lot of things are changing right now. Like most other people, I do pay attention to the news but I try not to drown myself in the negativity of what’s going on out there because you cannot become successful in society if you are focusing on all the bad things that are happening. There is ALWAYS opportunity in turmoil IF you can stay focused and keep your head screwed on straight! You cannot fall for all the media propaganda. Even if the economy was in perfect condition right now, the news would still have tons of things to focus on. Take it with a grain of sale. It was about a decade ago when I started to realize the full essence of what’s going on in our economy and how things were never going to be the same. This is when I found out that my ex-wife’s stepfather had been laid off by a company that he was expecting to retire with over the course of his remaining 3 years. He had been a middle manage for almost 30 years. And just like that, they gave him a pink slip, refused to give him his promised pension, and told him that he had no money to withdraw from his 401K. He is now in his 80s with no pension and no retirement to speak of. He does what a lot of misguided Baby Boomers do now: odd jobs to pay the bills. This is what he will continue to do until he dies. Baby Boomers (and some of us Generation Xers) were sold this lie all through their lives. Get your college degrees. Get a job with a company for 25 to 30 years and retire with them all in the name of something called “security.” The moral to the story is even though becoming an entrepreneur can be difficult sometimes, in this day and age it is literally your only option. On top of that, you have to be Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 67Credit Millionaire flexible and you have to have something called “multiple streams of income” coming in. I don’t just have one type of business. I have several businesses. I have my real estate holdings. I’m working on my new all-natural skincare business. Of course, things change as you go along. You’ll have new business ideas and new investment opportunities to take advantage of. With business credit, you’ll be able to take advantage of as many opportunities as you possible can without becoming overwhelmed. Isn’t that exciting? I am realizing that it’s not just a luxury to be an entrepreneur. It’s now become a necessity. If you do not have an entrepreneurial mind, you are not going to make it very far because you cannot depend on a company to take care of you. You can’t depend on a company to still be there when you want to retire. That used to be the mentality years ago. That used to be the mentality even just a decade ago; whereas you would stay with a company for a number of decades and then be rewarded with a nice pension and retirement. You must understand that if you are going to survive in the new future, in this new economy, you have to become an entrepreneur. However you decide to round up those tools needed to become an entrepreneur, I strongly suggest that you learn everything you can about sales, marketing, business building, investing and business credit, which you’re learning here. You must learn how to market well and how to invest well in particular because you are going to probably have to be very diverse and know how to do a lot of things in order to survive in this new economy. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 68Credit Millionaire Chapter Eight Secrets of DNB S ome people may tell you that you could gain access to hundreds of thousands of dollars in business credit within a couple of days. That is a little extreme and largely not doable. Some others may say, “All of those people that say that you can set it up within a couple of months are liars. You actually need years and years and years.” So, I will actually tell you what the real scoop is on exactly how much time you need. There is two (2) types of business credit that we’re talking about here: “short credit” and “long credit.” You can easily and quickly build up a solid and stellar business credit track record by simply using Experian Business. This means that all you need to do is raise your personal credit FICO, set up your corporation and EIN, and start applying for unsecured business credit cards. Use those credit cards, pay them off, and keep using them. This happens relatively quickly (within a couple of months) but only provides you with something called “short credit.” You are essentially limited to about $100,000 or more collectively among many unsecured business credit cards. But what if you need more money? You’ll have to dive in deeper and start actually rolling up your sleeves to adequately and properly build up your business credit. And yes, this WILL take some time. This is when you’re going to have to start setting up your profile with DNB, to start building what we call “long credit.” To recap, your first step obviously in this process is to start a corporation or an LLC in your home state/. If you Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 69Credit Millionaire already have a business then you need to make sure that you have NOT damaged that business credit in any way. For example, if you have or had a business credit card that you stopped paying on or don’t have a good payment history with, then you are probably have to start the whole process over again by getting/forming a new corporation. So if you believe that you have damaged some of your business credit already then you don’t want to carry on with that business. Just forfeit that business and start a new one. You want to start over with a clean slate. Generally, to set up a corporation, it’s anywhere from $100 to $300 depending on the types of services that you decide to get. I’ve always chosen S corporations. The reason being is that you don’t fall under the double taxation laws as you do with a C corporation. As mentioned before, you are taxed on two different levels with a C corporation. You are taxed on the profits of the business and then when the profits flow down to you personally where you are then taxed again on those profits. With an S corporation, the corporation pays absolutely nothing as far as the profits of the corporation go so every year when you state that you have a certain amount of money in profits, all of those profits flow down directly to you as an individual through something called a K-1 form. That’s the key difference between the two. Next is your EIN. To recap, an EIN is an Employer Identification Number issued by the IRS that’s equivalent to the Social Security Number of your corporation. This is to be used for tax reasons only but it’s also used to build business credit. A lot of people misconstrue what an EIN is used for and it’s used for tax purposes only. You do not use it to build credit. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 70Credit Millionaire Once you have the above set up then we can start the process of building a profile through DNB. Building Your DNB Profile When you are ready to start setting up your company through Dun & Bradstreet (www.dandb.com) and they will ask you for some critical information about your business. They will ask you for your company address, business phone number, when you were incorporated, projected gross sales, how many employees you have, how much square footage your unit occupies, your company EIN as well and you are going to have other people ask for your and many other things. This is why setting up a profile with DNB gets tricky. When you answer these questions the wrong way, you won’t get rated high enough to get decent credit. By the way, it may seem like a cheaper alternative to start a corporation in a state like Nevada (even though you probably don’t live there) but DON’T do this! I do strongly recommend that you set something up in your home state. Do not set something up in Nevada or one of those other places if you plan on running an actual business there on that state’s soil. Why not get a Nevada corporation if you are in a state like California where the annual fees are so high? Because it’s not legal to conduct business this way, that’s why. Originally when I got started years and years ago, I did have my Nevada corporation and I was trying to function in the State of California (where I reside). This is when I found that I had to transfer my corporation over with a specific type of form and it was just kind of a headache. They told me if I didn’t do it the I would be in violation of Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 71Credit Millionaire interstate commerce laws and I didn’t even know what it was at the time. I was told that since I was conducting a business in California that I was going to have to shift my corporation status to California. It was kind of a pain and it was more costly than if I had just would have set everything up in California to begin with. Penny wise, pound foolish they say. The other reason is that when you start applying for “bigger” credit, banks and lenders are going to wonder why YOU reside in one state and why YOUR COMPANY is registered to conduct business elsewhere. They won’t want to lend you money because you’ll seem very flakey as if you’re running a fly-by-night operation. Why DNB is So Expensive Yes, you can get a free number (called the DUNS number) from DNB. This is their number (like an EIN but different) that they give to all companies. And this is about it when it comes to getting anything for free when trying to build this magnitude of credit. The rest is about to get kind of costly. To get started with a profile, you’ll want to pay for their CreditBuilder which is currently (as of this writing) $159 per month. And that’s not the worst part of it. To start getting credit, you’ll have to have what’s called a “seasoned” company (of 3 years or longer) that has filed active tax returns. In other words, you must be running an ACTIVE company that has gross sales to get money from lenders UNLESS you are applying as a start-up company. So, what’s the “worst part” when it comes to financing your DNB set-up? If you don’t have a “brick-and- mortar” business location then you MUST get one, even if Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 72Credit Millionaire it’s a “virtual office.” These can run between $99 and $599 per month, depending on where your virtual office location is. You’ll also need a dedicated business phone line (usually provided by the virtual office company for an extra fee) and a professional email address. All of this adds up quickly so think twice about starting off with building credit with DNB because of all the requirements you’ll have to have to do this properly. As a Side Note: Get a “Seasoned” Company You can purchase something called a “shelf corporation” of 3 years or older (which is recommended to get something called “stated income” loans). This will set you back a couple thousand dollars or more. This will get you “on the grid” to start building business credit. If you choose to get a shelf corporation, make sure that they’ve filed everything on time and have kept the company active. Make sure it’s in your home state. Make sure that there is nothing NEGATIVE against the company including liens or judgments. If you have the money then get a shelf corporation. I recommend a company called Wholesale Shelf Corporations (www.wholesaleshelfcorporations.com) and you can check out their “inventory” of corporations. Here’s an important tip: your good personal credit will, again, take you a long way through this process. If you have sucky personal credit then don’t expect to get very far by simply purchasing a 3-year shelf corporation. This will bring you back to the beginning of this book where you need to fix and rebuild your personal credit first! Back to DNB and their requirements: Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 73Credit Millionaire Your Physical Address You need to have a physical address and it’s not good enough to just have a P.O. Box somewhere. It’s not good enough to have one of those UPS store mailbox addresses. It’s a little tricky because of the way Dun & Bradstreet does things. This is one of the things you really need to consider because if you make a mistake doing this then it is really going to unravel a lot of your time and effort in doing this properly. When looking for a business address – if you don’t actually have a brick and mortar business or a warehouse or know somebody who has a business that you can borrow their address from – then you are going to have to do things a specific set of steps: Option A: Virtual offices. We kind of already covered this but I need to go into more specifics. To be clear every virtual office will work. For example, there are a couple of mainstream virtual office companies such as Barrister. The way you find them is by simply typing “virtual office in [name of city/state]” and Google will find you what you’re looking for. But not just any location will do. You need to figure out if they are in a building with other regular businesses or not. This is very important that pay attention here because this is going to make or break whether or not you are successful with this set-up part of this. What do I mean by that? Some of the virtual offices will actually occupy an entire building. For example, maybe their address is 28410 Main Street. And they occupy 100% of that building which is just an office building. You do not want a company that just offers virtual services because DNB will quickly figure this out when they do research on your company. (And yes, Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 74Credit Millionaire they WILL look up your company address to see where you are.) The ideal virtual office would be in a location where there are many other businesses. This can happen if the vircual office company is taking one floor of a multi-floor building and doesn’t occupy the entire building. Maybe the building has a couple doctors’ offices in there. Maybe a lawyer’s office. That’s the key. It has to have the same exact address but have many different types of businesses. For example, if the address is 1234 Shadow Street, the virtual office location has to have 1234 Shadow Street and then maybe some law office has 1234 Shadow Street and maybe a dentist office also has 1234 Shadow Street and maybe there is some other type of business consulting service in there and they also share 1234 Shadow Street. How will you know if this is the case? It’s very easy with the Internet nowadays. The reason it is good is because it is very easy for you to discover whether or not there is other legitimate companies at that address. It’s very bad because it’s very easy for Dun & Bradstreet or any creditor to be able to determine whether or not you have a legitimate business. This is why we are going through this extra step here is because just having what looks to be a legitimate business address is no longer acceptable with the Internet nowadays. I mean it is just too easy to have a UPS mailbox address. Dun & Bradstreet knows this. Banks and lenders know this now and with the power of the Internet, it is very easy to be able to see whether or not that is a UPS store address or not. I personally use UPS store addressees but for different reasons, not for building business credit. I actually have an office, staff, and the whole 9 yards yet I have just found over the years that it is easier to have a drop box to be Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 75Credit Millionaire able to collect payments from different customers or just to be able to have junk mail come in and so forth. The main reason for this is that years ago we had an incident where we had this psychopath of a customer of ours and he was just off kilter mentally. He was obsessed with one of the people that worked in our office. She was a single girl in her early 20s and I guess she was just really nice to people on the phone and maybe he took it the wrong way. I don’t know. He kept showing up to the office over and over and over again and to the point where we actually had to have a restraining order. I actually had to have a specific type of security system installed including one that locked the door automatically whenever anybody actually went out or came in the door. It would lock behind them. I actually had to have people ring the doorbell to be able to get into the front door and I actually had to have people physically open the door to let people in. This was just an extreme circumstance which probably doesn’t happen a lot but a lot of people wonder why I personally still use like a drop box address for a lot of my businesses – including for my main business address – and it’s because of safety and security of myself and my staff. But aside from that, you should not be using a UPS store address for anything having to do with building business credit. Option B: Brick-and-mortar address. This is your only second option since using a USPS post office box is NOT an option and neither is using your home address. You can choose to find a very small office location (maybe 300 square feet or less) to use to rent out so you have a “real” office address. Or you can refer to the virtual office instructions that I already laid out for you. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 76Credit Millionaire Other Set Up Instructions Your next step is going to be your business phone number. This is a little more tricky than meets the eye because with the phone number, Dunn & Bradstreet would like to see your phone number actually be attached to your physical business address. If using a virtual office, this is not possible to make work this way. To circumvent this problem, you could get and use an 800 number forward it to a live answering service. (I recommend using www.Kall8.com to get an instant toll-free number that can be forwarded anywhere.) It’s better to use an 800 number than getting an 888 or 877 number because it suggests “stability” and an “aged” business. You should also get a business phone number such as Vonage, MagicJack or even an extra cell number that you use for business purposes. The problem with Vonage is that it will be linked directly to your home address UNLESS you have the equipment sent to your virtual office address. (You can always take the equipment and set it up at your house.) Your next step is to set up with Yellow Pages online and you can get a free business listing there at yellowpages.com. You simply type in that Vonage phone number which will be in the same area code as your virtual office, obviously, but it should also be the SAME PRE-FIX as you’d also find in your same region. This is the first three digits of your phone number which also determines where your business is located as well. Usually Vonage is pretty good about giving you numbers that are local. My point is you want to find a virtual office suite that’s very close to your house. This way, when Vonage gives you a phone number, you know it could reasonably go to that address. Again, youu can even have Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 77Credit Millionaire the Vonage equipment sent to your virtual office just so that, that address is on file with Vonage. Then you won’t have any problems typing in that address, and having all that stuff coming up under your business name with your business address. What if you don’t want a Vonage phone number? There are a lot of very cheap answering services out there that you could forward your calls in the event that DNB decides to check legitimacy of your business. Or you could forward your toll-free phone calls to your virtual service which, for an extra fee, can answer your phone calls for you. Finally, you’ll need to get a specific e-mail account for your business that’s NOT a Yahoo, Gmail or Hotmail. You’ll have to go to Godaddy.com, get yourself a domain for your business, and get a PROFESSIONAL email address that might look like this: john@smithbarclayassociates.com. It’s not hard to do this. Godaddy offers domains and email services fairly cheap. For the purposes of building business credit, remember, you need to make this look like as much of a brick-and-mortar business as possible. With this in mind, you do want to be as professional as possible. Let’s Recap! I hope you understood how this whole set-up part works. You need a corporation, an EIN, a business address and a business phone number. You must list your business online with www.yellowpages.com including your new business address and phone number, taking advantage of their free listing. The next process, now that we’ve done the ground work, is to go to Dun & Bradstreet (at www.dandb.com) to Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 78Credit Millionaire start shelling out $159 per month to set up our business profile. IMPORTANT NOTE: They WILL require that you have 3 trade accounts set up first before you can begin to build a credit profile with them. I recommend Uline.com, Quill.com, and FedEx. It’s NOT going to be enough to simply open accounts with these people. You must USE the accounts for a couple of months FIRST before you’ll be able to use them as trade references. So, this is when you can start doing this BEFORE you start building your DNB profile! Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 79Credit Millionaire Chapter Nine Getting and Using Credit O nce you set up your profile and get everything all set up, you can begin applying for credit. If you are listed as a fairly new company, you will be limited to applying only for start-up loans and lines of credit. Getting these will be mostly determined by how good your personal credit is. If you decided to spend the extra money by getting an aged shelf corporation then you’ll be able to gain access to hundreds of thousands of dollars in unsecured credit relatively quickly. Remember, choose a shelf corporation that is 3 years old that is “clean.” Provided that you, again, have good personal credit will allow you to participated in “stated income” business loans for your seasoned business. Since DNB is So Expensive, Why Bother? Why Not Just Stick with Experian Business Instead? I don’t use DNB anymore. The cost for set-up (not to mention the work involved in creating your own profile) is simply NOT worth it. With Experian Business as a major business credit player now, this is pretty much all you need to jump-start your business credit building endeavor. And it’s as simple as fixing/rebuilding your personal credit, getting your corporation with your EIN, apply for and get your unsecured business credit cards, and START USING THEM. (Don’t forget that you have to pay the credit back too!) If you have the money and you really want to start accessing those large lines of credit, do what I mentioned Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 80Credit Millionaire above about getting a 3-year shelf corporation. This is your easiest and safest bet. And if you choose to, you can then set up your DNB profile to make your business look like it’s a multi-million-dollar enterprise but only IF you choose this shelf-corporation option. How I Got Started Learning the Ins and Outs of Powerful Unsecured Business Credit Building I realized early on that there are smart entrepreneurs out there who are TAKING ADVANTAGE of our economic crisis and recessions by getting real estate for pennies on the dollar, sucking up businesses super cheap and investing in stocks by accessing millions of dollars in lines of credit through banks, lending institutions, and private money sources. In other words, they’re getting RICH using Other People’s Money and NOT their own...but how? They are smart, for one. But, that doesn't mean you can't access this same type of unsecured cash by simply using their blueprint secrets too. After all, when is the BEST TIME to buy up real estate and businesses? When is the best time to invest in the stock market? When the economy is in flux and uncertain. THAT’S when! You don't get deals on real estate when the market is at an all-time high. You don't get top-of-the- line businesses for DIRT CHEAP during prosperous peak economic times. You don't get deals on massive amounts of inventory to sell online or through your website when the economy is solid. And you can’t “buy low and sell high” trading stocks when the economy is going well and already AT a “high.” All the deals and opportunities are coming up NOW as are market starts to turn from warm to cold. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 81Credit Millionaire But you have to have cold hard cash to take advantage of these opportunities otherwise you risk missing out altogether! But as you know, the biggest problem is actually GETTING this cash. At least it used to be. That is, until now! Banks and lenders out there don't want to lend money and credit to individuals, especially when the economy turns bad. During a recession banks and lenders start claiming that they can't lend money. So, barely creditworthy qualified individuals aren't able to qualify for real estate loans, business or personal lines of credit, or even for a car loan because they aren't privy to the secrets of getting this available credit in ALL economic environments. And that sucks! The unfortunate thing is that the “Average Joe” in America has been purposely excluded from knowing anything about this secret among the wealthy...and that's a shame! Why is this, you ask? Because this credit “loophole” was initially ONLY designed for the rich to get richer in investing and in business. It was NOT for the average person to benefit from. But not anymore!! Here's the Core Secret to All This Fix and rebuild your personal credit so that you have at least a 720 mid-FICO score. While you’re fixing and rebuilding your personal credit, get yourself a corporation, ideally an S corporation with an EIN (Employer Identification Number). I recommend using a company called AmeriLawyer.com. Once your personal FICO is where it needs to be, begin applying for business credit cards. Start with a business American Express card such as a Delta, Hilton, or Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 82Credit Millionaire Amazon card, for example. (Avoid the regular Gold or Platinum cards.) Then apply with Chase Ink, Citibank (I prefer the Costco Citibank Visa card), and at your local bank where you opened up your business checking account. Yes, you should have opened up a business checking account once you received your corporate docs with your EIN. You can do something I refer to as “credit stacking” where you can apply for around 3 to 5 different unsecured business credit cards then wait anywhere from 30 to 90 days, and then apply for another 3 to 5 unsecured credit cards. An alternative method is to have two (2) S corporations each with their own EIN and you can apply for 5 to 6 unsecured credit cards all at once, toggling between your two newly formed corporations. You can even add a third corporate entity into the mix if you feel so inclined but I wouldn’t do such a thing unless my personal FICO was in the high 700s or 800s. Use Your Unsecured Credit for Wealth Building We are not taught in school how to be responsible with finances because (I believe) the “powers that be” want the masses to be financially illiterate. Therefore, since you were likely not afforded a financially literate education, your first impulse will probably be to take this unsecured money and blow it on foolish purposes. DON’T DO THIS! You cannot grow wealth with a new luxury car and a big screen TV. You can grow wealth with a piece of real estate, investing in certain stocks or options, or starting (or buying) a business. Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 83Credit Millionaire If you’re not sure what might interest you as a wealth-building enterprise, might I suggest that you go to a website such as Flippa.com to see what kinds of established cash flowing businesses are available for sale. While you may decide not purchase any of these businesses for yourself, you’ll at least get some cash flowing business ideas that you may want to research deeper into or to start yourself from scratch. The Future of Entrepreneurship I believe the “safe secure job” is a fallacy found only in Unicorn Fairytale Land. In years past, it was doable to work for a company, work your way up the corporate ladder, get yourself a golden parachute, pension and a gold watch to boot. But those days are over. And with the ever- increasing cost of living due to hyperinflation, it’s simply not sustainable for most people to have one – even two – jobs just to squeak by a meager living. The faster you start to realize that you WILL have to have your own little side-hustle business – even if you’re operating as a “one man (or woman) band” – the more secure you can begin making your financial future. Start researching different businesses. Try a few out. See what works, what you like, and what makes sense. And enjoy what I call true financial freedom, making your own hours, and enjoying life to the fullest like I do! (It’s all about freedom after all, isn’t it?) So, get started now. Time is of the essence. Start fixing and rebuilding your personal credit. Start your first corporate entity. Just get rolling with it. I’ve found that there is power in doing…so get to crackin’ on it. NOW! Copyright © 2024 All Rights Reserved Page 84