[DATE] [YOUR FULL NAME] [YOUR STREET ADDRESS] [YOUR CITY, STATE, ZIP CODE] Phone: [YOUR PHONE NUMBER] SS# [YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER] Experian PO Box 9556 Allen, TX 75013 Legal Department: Recently, I received my credit report from your company. After reviewing it, I found that the information you are providing on some items contains not only invalid and incomplete information, but both inaccurate and incorrect information as well. This information is damaging me since it is affecting the interest rates that I am able to get and limits my credit capacity. I am distressed that you failed to maintain reasonable procedures to assure the maximum possible validity completeness, accurateness and correctness in the credit reports that you provide to creditors. This letter is a formal complaint that you are reporting invalid and incomplete account information as well as both inaccurate and incorrect account information. After consultation I found that there are Federal Laws to ensure credit reporting bureaus such as yours may only report 100% valid, complete, accurate and correct information on my credit report to potential creditors. Therefore, Pursuant to 15 U.S.C section 1681(e) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Upon receipt of this notification The Fair Credit Reporting Act requires you and I am requesting that you verify the following items: Account Name: [NAME OF CREDITOR AS LISTED ON REPORT] Type: Revolving - Account: [ACCOUNT #] I attempted to verify this debt and received NO RESPONSE from the above company (see attached proof of this verification.) According to FEDERAL LAW, this creditor had 30 days from the date of my request to validate the debt and they failed to provide any information concerning this debt. This debt is NOT mine and needs to be removed immediately from my credit report. You need to verify at a higher standard than a computer generated inquiry or third-party database search obtaining either verbal or hand written directly from a person at that source. Please also notify the subscribers who reported these items within 5 days after receiving these disputes, and verify with that person my full name, address, date of birth, social security number, account number, status, date of last activity, balance, high balance, and amount as applicable. If these disputed items are found to be invalid, incomplete, inaccurate or incorrect, then the entire items must be deleted from my credit report within 30 days. If the validity, completeness, accuracy and correctness cannot be verified, you are obligated by law not to change or update the information, but to delete the item permanently from my credit report. Please know that if your response to my request contains any remark such as changed, updated or new information below rather than deleted you are in violation of Federal Law, I will be forced to take further action against you as the Federal Law clearly states that the item must be deleted. When you finish your investigation Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. section 1681(i)(7) whereby a consumer reporting agency shall provide to a consumer the requested detailed description referred to in paragraph and section (6)(B)(iii) by not later than 15 days after receiving a request from a consumer for that description, of the method of verification used and the name of the person at the source you contacted, the furnishers business name, address, phone number and date this verification has transacted. If you cannot provide a detailed description of the method of verification and the contact information of the furnisher then you are in violation of procedure and must delete the item. If you ignore this request or provide an insufficient or incomplete response I will have no other choice but to contact my State Congressional Representative, who will forward this matter promptly to the State Attorney General and Federal Trade Commission for urgent attention and please know that this letter of dispute is now time stamped. In the event that you continue to list the disputed item on my credit report I will find it necessary to file suit against your company for actual damages and punitive damages under the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Because the Fair Credit Reporting Act provides concurrent jurisdiction in federal and state courts, I shall elect to use my residency county and state as jurisdiction to bring appropriate action against your company. While I prefer not to litigate, I will use the courts as needed to enforce my rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act. I look forward to an uneventful resolution of this matter. Thank You In Advance, [YOUR FULL NAME] [YOUR CURRENT ADDRESS] SSN#: [YOUR SS #] D.O.B. [YOUR DOB]