[DATE] [YOUR NAME] [YOUR STREET ADDRESS] [YOUR CITY, STATE, ZIP CODE] TransUnion PO Box 2000 Chester, PA 19022-2000 Legal Department: Recently, I received my credit report from your company. After reviewing it, I found that the information you are providing on some items contains not only invalid and incomplete information, but both inaccurate and incorrect information as well. As you know, all incorrect and inaccurate information MUST be IMMEDIATELY REMOVED from my credit report. I attempted to contact the below creditor(s) listed below and received NO response to my request. As per federal law and the FDCPA, regulation under the following 15 U.S.C. ยง 1792 et seq.15 U.S.C. ยง 1692g, Validation of Debts, creditors are required to provide this information within 30 days upon request or release the invalidated debt information from my credit report. I am including PROOF that each creditor received the notification more than 30 days ago and DID NOT respond nor did they remove the item(s) listed on my credit report. Account Name: [NAME OF CREDITOR AS LISTED ON CREDIT REPORT] Type: Revolving - Account: [ACCOUNT NUMBER] I attempted to verify this debt and received NO RESPONSE from the above company (see attached proof of this verification.) According to FEDERAL LAW, this creditor had 30 days from the date of my request to validate the debt and they failed to provide any information concerning this debt. This debt is NOT mine and needs to be removed immediately from my credit report. If you ignore this request or provide an insufficient or incomplete response I will have no other choice but to contact my State Congressional Representative, who will forward this matter promptly to the State Attorney General and Federal Trade Commission for urgent attention and please know that this letter of dispute is now time stamped. In the event that you continue to list the disputed item on my credit report I will find it necessary to file suit against your company for actual damages and punitive damages under the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Because the Fair Credit Reporting Act provides concurrent jurisdiction in federal and state courts, I shall elect to use my residency county and state as jurisdiction to bring appropriate action against your company. While I prefer not to litigate, I will use the courts as needed to enforce my rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act. I have already filed complaints against the creditors listed above with the Attorney General in their states as well as with other pertinent and applicable law enforcement entities. I look forward to an uneventful resolution of this matter. Thank You in Advance, [YOUR NAME] Current Address: [YOUR CURRENT ADDRESS] Previous Address: [YOUR PRIOR ADDRESS IF LESS THAN 2 YEARS] SSN# [YOUR SS #] D.O.B. [YOUR DOB]