How to Open a Business Bank Account the RIGHT Way in 
I'm going to make sure that you don't
fall for the same traps that I did. And
I want to teach you how to open up a
business bank account the right way.
Now, wait. Before you open that business
bank account, let me show you the five
biggest mistakes that are costing
entrepreneurs thousands in misductions,
frozen funds, and even IRS audits. Most
people get this wrong. Even gurus on
YouTube gloss over this, but not today.
This video will save your business. So,
let's get into it. Look, opening a
business bank account isn't just a box
to check. I made a lot of mistakes along
the way. So, this is why I feel it's
very important that I teach you how to
not fall for any of these crazy traps
that I fell for, to be honest with you.
Because your business bank account is
the financial spine of your business. If
you mess this up, it's like building a
million dollar house on sand. You won't
be able to get business credit. You'll
miss out on major tax deductions, which
is one of the biggest parts of being a
business owner. I'll be honest with you.
And you'll be flagged by the IRS if your
personal and business finances get
tangled. This video is your blueprint.
I'll walk you through what to do, what
to avoid, and how to set this up for
long-term success because that's what we
want because long-term success equals
massive business funding. So, I'm going
to break this video down into five very
important steps that you do not want to
miss. We'll start at step number one and
work our way to step number five. Now,
they're not in any chronological order
because one is more important than the
other. Okay, so let's just jump into it.
Step number one, choose the right bank
Choose the Right Bank
or honestly you'll regret it. It's very
important to understand that not all
banks are created equal. In you've
got three main options. Option number
one is traditional banks. big names like
Chase or Bank of America. Solid
reputation, but slow processes and tons
of fees. They want to squeeze you for
everything they can possibly get. Now,
credit unions is one of my favorites,
but it's great for relationship banking,
but limited digital tools and limited
funding to be honest with you. They
don't have a lot of options. But some
massive credit unions do, but a lot of
them honestly don't. Listen, just
between me and you, a lot of people like
to tout that like Navy Federal is the
best for business credit and business
funding. It's really not. I don't
understand what the hype about it is
because they don't have very much to
offer. Now, this is my new favorite
sector that I've really pushed into on
the business side, which is online banks
like Blue Vine or NAV. Fast approval, no
monthly fees, and instant virtual cards.
So, you can get started in like
literally minutes. In all honesty, Blue
Vine is one of my number one favorites
because it's not just a debit card. It
allows you to get cashback rewards for
transactions for your business, which is
huge. And on top of that, they have a
plethora of other products for your
business. Business credit cards,
business lines of credit, business
funding. There's so many things under
the Blue Vine umbrella that honestly I
missed out on because I jumped on the
bandwagon of Bank of America because
honestly, Bank of America was the only
one that would allow me to open up a
business bank account because I was a
credit repair company way back in the
day. And another great little tidbit
that a lot of people don't know, Blueine
actually was able to give me PPP
funding. So, I was able to get a free
loan for my business during the whole
pandemic scene, which is pretty crazy.
And I didn't have to pay back any of it.
and they made the process super simple.
They got me approved and then they got
my loan actually forgiven. Now, let's
flash back to Bank of America. Bank of
America got me declined and then didn't
help me figure out why I got declined.
And then NAV, I used NAV to build my
business credit. That was my backbone
for my business credit at the time. Now,
NAV is way more super advanced than it
ever has been. NAV also helped me secure
close to a half a million dollar in
funding, business funding for my
business from to Literally a
half a million dollars in business
funding, all because I had my entire
system built around Nav's credit
building program. So, this is my pro
tip. If you want fast approvals, easy
integrations, and no surprises, online
business banks like BlueVine and NAV are
dominating the game this year. Now,
here's the biggest mistake to avoid.
picking your personal bank just because
it's familiar. That's a lazy move. Look
at the features, not the local. And
again, I made the same mistake. I went
with Bank of America. It's my oldest
bank account. We'll talk about that a
little bit later in the video, but it is
truly one of my oldest bank accounts
that I seriously regret. Now, step
Must Have Documents
number two, don't open an account
without these documents. Before you even
apply, here's the must-have document
list that you need to have ready before
you even walk into a bank or do it
online. Number one thing is your EIN
from the IRS, not your social security
number. That's not an EIN. Stop
believing these idiots to say you can
use your social security number as the
EIN. No, that is definitely fraud and it
will get you hemmed up with the IRS once
they figure it out. Now, you can hire
someone like Rocket Lawyer to get you
your EIN. There's a fee for it, of
course, or you could do it online all on
your own. But once you get that letter
confirmation, save it, take a picture of
it and save it in a file because a lot
of these banks or a lot of institutions
for lending will ask you for that EIN
letter. Next up, you want to have your
articles of organization or
incorporation. Now, after that, your
operating agreement, even if it's a
single member LLC. Again, I use Rocket
Lawyer me personally cuz they simplify
the entire process. Now, that's not a
promo plug for them, but I'm just saying
that's the path that I chose. Now, also
your business license if it's required
in your state. Not every state requires
a business license. Now, of course,
valid ID and then your proof of address
also, which can be some type of utility
bill in the business's name, which I
highly recommend, of course, that you
have that already. Something to do very
simple could be your internet service,
phone service, or cell phone service in
the business name that shows that proof
of address because if you're missing
even just one of these, you could be
rejected or delayed for weeks. Now, a
pro tip. Some banks now require
beneficial owner disclosures due to new
federal rules in So have that info
ready also. Now moving on to step number
Business Name
three. Make sure your business name
matches everything. I know it sounds
simple, but this one right here, this
messes up more new business owners than
you think. Your business name needs to
match the next following four items.
Your LLC docs or whatever type of
incorporation you have. your EIN
paperwork, your website domain, and your
business license if it's required per
your state. Because if your EIN says,
like, as an example, Mike's Auto Repair
LLC, but your bank app says Mike Auto,
they'll flag that. It's very, very
important to understand that. One of the
biggest mistakes to avoid is using a
DBA, doing business ads, without listing
it properly. That's a fast track to
compliance issues and banking headaches.
Everything must match. This is the
number one reason why people get
declined for business accounts because
the address doesn't match, the name
doesn't match, none of it matches. So,
everything must all match completely and
wholeheartedly. I cannot stress it
enough to you. I see this mistake happen
all the time. It's crazy. People are
like, "Mike, I got declined. Why did I
get declined?" I don't know. Ask the
bank. And then they tell, "Oh, they said
something's wrong with my address
because you move the address, you change
the address, and you didn't change it
everywhere." I want to give a special
shout out to all my beasters out there
that are working hard to fix their
credit using Dispute Beast, the most
advanced AI credit repair software ever
created that comes with a % money
back guarantee. But specifically to
Brandon, Brandon's credit score went up
points after just one round with
Dispute Beast. And Ashley, Ashley's
credit score went up points after
just two rounds with Dispute Beast. But
let's not forget about Julio. Julio's
credit score went up points after
just one round with Dispute Beast.
Dispute Beast link is going to be pinned
at the very top of the comments and in
the video description for anyone that
needs to fix their credit. Now, step
Fees
number four when you're choosing a bank
is avoid these sneaky fees in 
Because banks are slick, they'll
advertise no fees and then hit you with
the following ones, which is the next
four of my favorite. Minimum balance
fees, incoming wire fees, paper
statement fees. Yes, if you want to pay
for statement, they want to charge you
for it and ATM fees outside of their
network. And that's why I always
recommend online banks that are built
for small businesses. And as I talked
about earlier, BlueVine, for example,
has no monthly maintenance fees and
gives you % APY on balances up to
$
That's literally free money for your
business.
Last part's the most important. Now,
Business Credit
moving on to step number five. Set up
your business credit from day one.
Opening the account is just the start.
If you want business credit, funding,
and lines of credit, do this from day
one. I cannot stress this enough to you.
Make sure to get your done and Brad
Street number for free on day one from
the beginning. And make sure that all of
the information there matches all of
your other information as we stated
earlier. This is very crucial. A lot of
people say, "Darn Brad Street doesn't
matter." Yes, it does. It is a number
one database for business lending just
for them to verify your information
matches and it's correct. And the
biggest one that nobody talks about is
making sure to register your business
properly with Experian business and
Equifax business. Also, make sure all of
the information is accurate and
complete. Now, if you want to get your
business credit scores from Experian and
Equifax, they're going to charge you and
so will Dun and Bradshere. Done and
brash will give you like a basic free uh
score that they give you inside of your
profile. But moving past all of that,
it's going to cost you money. So, just
be aware of that. You also want to make
sure that you use your business account
for every business transaction. Also,
set up autopay for subscriptions and
vendors. And then the other biggest one
is maintain cash flow in and out every
single month. And the final one, the
most important one of all, never coingle
personal funds. I want you to understand
that most lenders look at your bank
activity before they even look at your
credit scores. So, if your account is
dead or messy, you'll get denied.
Period. So, make sure that you're not
comingling and you're using your
business account properly for everything
all of your business needs at the end of
the day. Also, make sure that your Knax
code is properly. That's your NAS
code that it's designed for your
specific industry. Choose the right
industry that is not a high-risk
industry because some banks may possibly
decline that which we see all the time.
That's the reason why I started with
Bank of America because all these other
banks did not want to do any business
with a credit repair company because I
was a credit repair company way back in
the day. So, I had no choice but to go
with Bank of America. But now, we have
companies like Blue Vine and NAV that
don't have crazy restrictions like that.
So, let's recap the bank account
blueprint. Here is your fivestep
checklist. Write this down, screenshot
it, whatever you got to do. Number one,
pick the right type of bank. Traditional
versus online. I'm always going to be a
proponent for all the online ones.
Number two, gather all required
documents. I keep everything in a
massive folder that's specifically for
my bank with all of my documents. Number
three, match your business name across
the board with everything. And also make
sure that your knack code matches
everywhere with every credit reporting
agency and with Dun and Bradre and the
banks everywhere. And number four, my
favorite of all, avoid hidden fees like
a pro. I was very fortunate that my
business was very profitable in the very
beginning when I got started, but I
remember I paid a lot in bank fees. Now
I don't pay anything cuz I only bank
with Blue Vine. But in the past, I was
just like, yo, how is this even legal?
because the business side of everything
business credit or the business sector
is not regulated by anything. I know
that's kind of crazy, right? And number
five, set up your accounts for
fundability. Making sure to do all of
this is going to ensure that your
business is set up to get funded
immediately. This isn't just about
banking. This is about unlocking access
to credit, funding, tax strategy, and
peace of mind. I cannot stress enough as
a business owner, having peace of mind
is super valuable. Now, if you found
this video helpful, make sure to hit
that like button, but also comment keep
going if you want me to keep bringing
you videos on credit, business funding,
and how to build a bulletproof financial
life. And if you're ready to open up a
business bank account today, check out
the links in the video description for
BlueVine and for NAV. I use them myself
and they're crushing it for small
business owners in That's why I
highly recommend them. I've been rocking
with them both for a really long time
now.